# format-version: 1.2	date: 07:02:2020 10:53
name	code	definition	synonyms
evidence	ECO:0000000	A type of information that is used to support an assertion.	evidence code|evidence_code
inference from background scientific knowledge	ECO:0000001	A type of curator inference where conclusions are drawn based on the background scientific knowledge of the curator.	
direct assay evidence	ECO:0000002	A type of experimental evidence resulting from the direct measurement of some aspect of a biological feature.	
reconstitution assay evidence	ECO:0000003	A type of direct assay evidence based on reconstructing a biological sample from its disassociated state to its original state.	
cell fractionation evidence	ECO:0000004	A type of fractionation evidence where sub-cellular components are separated based on their physical properties such as density in a sucrose density gradient.	cell fractionation
enzymatic activity assay evidence	ECO:0000005	A type of protein assay evidence where the catalytic activity of an enzyme is determined.	enzyme assay evidence|enzyme assays
experimental evidence	ECO:0000006	A type of evidence resulting from manipulation of variables in order to discover cause and effect.	
immunofluorescence evidence	ECO:0000007	A type of protein detection assay evidence where a fluorescently labeled antibody is used to detect the presence or localization of a biomolecule within a cell.	immunofluorescence
expression pattern evidence	ECO:0000008	A type of experimental evidence that is based on characterization of gene expression.	
transcript expression evidence	ECO:0000009	A type of expression pattern evidence where abundance of a transcript is analyzed.	transcript expression level evidence
protein expression evidence	ECO:0000010	A type of expression pattern evidence resulting from protein abundance quantification techniques.	
genetic interaction evidence	ECO:0000011	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence resulting from the effect that a given gene has on another gene or genes, and the products.	
functional complementation evidence	ECO:0000012	A type of genetic interaction evidence where a wild-type copy of the gene in question is inserted into a mutant cell to see if it restores the wild-type phenotype in the mutant background.	functional complementation
transgenic rescue experiment evidence	ECO:0000013	A type of functional complementation evidence resulting from the introduction of a transgene to prevent, or "rescue" an organism from a condition.	
mutant phenotype evidence	ECO:0000015	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence in which an observable phenotypic difference results from a change or mutation in DNA, reflecting a different form of an allele.	
loss-of-function mutant phenotype evidence	ECO:0000016	A type of mutant phenotype evidence where a phenotype is associated with altered gene product which lacks the molecular function of the wild-type gene.	
ectopic expression evidence	ECO:0000017	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence where a transgenic strain carrying the construct of a promoter cDNA fusion in which a gene of interest is driven by a defined promoter or enhancer is ectopically expressed in the defined pattern to characterize potential cellular properties and functions of a protein of interest.	analysis of overexpression/ectopic expression phenotype
anti-sense experiment evidence	ECO:0000018	A type of mutant phenotype evidence where a phenotype is observed while expressing an anti-sense version of a gene product in a wild-type (for that gene product) background.	anti-sense experiments
RNAi evidence	ECO:0000019	A type of mutant phenotype evidence where an RNA construct is introduced into a cell and the expression of the gene bearing its complementary sequence is suppressed.	RNAi experiment
protein inhibition evidence	ECO:0000020	A type of direct assay evidence based on the inhibition of the molecular function of a protein.	specific protein inhibition evidence
physical interaction evidence	ECO:0000021	A type of experimental evidence that is based on characterization of an interaction between a gene product and another molecule.	
co-purification evidence	ECO:0000022	A type of physical interaction evidence where a cellular component subunit is isolated as part of purification of its larger complex.	co-purification
affinity evidence	ECO:0000023	A type of physical interaction evidence that depends on the strength of the interaction between two entities.	ligand binding evidence
protein binding evidence	ECO:0000024	A type of affinity evidence resulting from the binding of a molecule to a protein or protein complex.	
hybrid interaction evidence	ECO:0000025	A type of affinity evidence where proteins of interest (bait and prey) are covalently linked to incomplete fragments of a third protein (reporter) and expressed in vivo, at which time interaction between bait and prey proteins brings reporter fragments in close enough proximity to allow them to reform and become a functional reporter protein.	
nucleic acid hybridization evidence	ECO:0000026	A type of experimental genomic evidence resulting from a process in which single stranded nucleic acids are allowed to interact so that complexes, or hybrids, are formed by molecules with sufficiently similar, complementary sequences.	
structural similarity evidence	ECO:0000027	A type of similarity evidence based on structural similarity of an annotated gene or gene product to another gene or group of genes.	
motif similarity evidence	ECO:0000028	A type of match to sequence model evidence that is based on the presence of a recognized domain or motif in a gene product's (usually protein) primary sequence.	recognized domains
match to InterPro member signature evidence	ECO:0000029	A type of match to sequence model evidence resulting from a positive match of a protein, or set of proteins to a predictive model (signature) in the InterPro database.	
BLAST evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000030	A type of BLAST evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	curated BLAST analysis
protein BLAST evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000031	A type of protein BLAST evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	curated protein BLAST analysis
nucleotide BLAST evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000032	A type of nucleotide BLAST evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	curated nucleic acid BLAST analysis
author statement supported by traceable reference	ECO:0000033	A type of author statement in which the author makes a statement that is not supported by information in that particular publication, but rather can be traced to a reference cited by that publication.	traceable author statement
author statement without traceable support	ECO:0000034	A type of author statement that is not associated with results presented or a cited reference.	non-traceable author statement
no biological data found	ECO:0000035	A curator inference that results from research where no information about a biological feature was found in the scientific literature, at biological databases, or within other resources.	
not_recorded	ECO:0000037		
transient rescue experiment evidence	ECO:0000038	A type of functional complementation evidence resulting from the introduction of nucleic acids, which are not permanently incorporated into the genome, to temporarily prevent, or "rescue" an organism from a condition.	
protein assay evidence	ECO:0000039	A type of direct assay evidence resulting from determining the presence, abundance, structure, function, or activity of proteins.	
immunological assay evidence	ECO:0000040	A type of affinity evidence resulting from quantitation of the analyte which depends on the reaction of an antigen (analyte) and an antibody.	
similarity evidence	ECO:0000041	A type of evidence resulting from comparing likeness of distinct biological entities.	inferred from similarity|IS
gain-of-function mutant phenotypic evidence	ECO:0000042	A type of mutant phenotype evidence resulting from an altered gene product which possesses a new molecular function or a new pattern of gene expression.	gain-of-function mutant phenotype evidence
sequence similarity evidence	ECO:0000044	A type of similarity based on biomolecular sequence.	
spatial pattern of protein expression evidence	ECO:0000045	A type of protein expression evidence that accounts for the position of RNA translation to a protein product ranging in scale from differing tissues to regions of an anatomical structure.	
protein expression level evidence	ECO:0000046	A type of protein expression evidence resulting from the quantification of protein production in a sample.	
spatial pattern of transcript expression evidence	ECO:0000047	A type of transcript expression evidence that accounts for the position of transcription ranging in scale from the position of genes on the chromosome to differing tissues to regions of an anatomical structure.	
reporter gene assay evidence	ECO:0000049	A type of expression pattern evidence that is based on the expression pattern of a reporter gene.	expression of a reporter gene
voucher specimen phenotypic analysis evidence	ECO:0000050	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence based on an authors phenotypic description of a species (or higher-level group), which explicitly references an observation made of a voucher specimen (a specimen with a permanent museum catalog).	IVS|voucher specimen analysis evidence
genetic similarity evidence	ECO:0000051	A type of similarity based on genotype without respect to expression.	IGTS|inferred from genetic similarity
suppressor/enhancer interaction phenotypic evidence	ECO:0000052	A type of genetic interaction evidence resulting from a second mutation that either suppresses or enhances the phenotype expressed from an original mutation.	'traditional' genetic interactions (e.g. suppressors, synthetic lethals)|suppressor/enhancer interaction evidence
automatically integrated combinatorial evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000053	A type of automatically integrated combinatorial evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
double mutant phenotypic evidence	ECO:0000054	A type of mutant phenotype evidence resulting from an experiment typically constructed to determine if two different genes have an observable genetic interaction (functional connection) as the result of a mutation occurring in the alleles of the two genes of interest.	double mutant analysis|double mutant phenotype evidence
array experiment evidence	ECO:0000055		
epistatic interaction phenotypic evidence	ECO:0000056	A type of genetic interaction evidence resulting from the suppression of one allelic effect by an allele at another genetic locus.	epistatic interaction evidence|epistatic interactions
phenotypic similarity evidence	ECO:0000057	A type of similarity based on the expression of a genotype in an environment.	inferred from phenotypic similarity|IPTS|phenotype similarity evidence
expression microarray evidence	ECO:0000058	A type of transcript expression evidence resulting from simultaneous profiling of the expression levels of thousands of genes in a single experiment allowing analysis of genes and their networks.	differential gene expression evidence from microarray experiment
experimental phenotypic evidence	ECO:0000059	A type of experimental evidence that is based on an observable characteristic trait, which is the result of the expression of an organisms genotype in an environment.	inferred from phenotype
positional similarity evidence	ECO:0000060	A type of phenotypic similarity evidence based on the similarity of stucture locations or arrangements.	IPS
quantitative trait analysis evidence	ECO:0000061	A type of phenotypic evidence that is based on a gene product that is associated with a quantitative trait locus, but has not been cloned.	QTL analysis evidence|quantitative trait analysis
cRNA to DNA expression microarray evidence	ECO:0000062	A type of expression microarray evidence where expression level is quantified by sample biotin-labeled cRNA (transcribed from an unknown RNA sample) hybridized to DNA oligonuclotides immoblized on a solid surface.	genomic microarray evidence
compositional similarity evidence	ECO:0000063	A type of phenotypic similarity evidence based on the similarity of the histological makeup of structures.	ICS
functional complementation in heterologous system evidence	ECO:0000064	A type of functional complementation evidence that is based on the insertion of a wild-type copy of a gene into a heterologous organism, with the mutation occurring in a homologous gene.	functional complementation in heterologous system
yeast one-hybrid evidence	ECO:0000066	A type of hybrid interaction evidence that is based on a protein-DNA complementation assay where a single promoter acts as bait and is screened against a library of prey transcription factors.	yeast one-hybrid assay
developmental similarity evidence	ECO:0000067	A type of phenotypic similarity evidence based on the similarity of embryological or post-embryonic orgin of structures.	IDS
yeast 2-hybrid evidence	ECO:0000068	A type of hybrid interaction evidence that is based on detection of protein-protein interaction by activation of a yeast reporter gene after a bait protein fused to a DNA-binding domain (which has been transfected into a yeast cell) is used to screen a cDNA library of clones fused to an activation domain.	yeast two-hybrid assay
differential methylation hybridization evidence	ECO:0000069	A type of in vitro methylation assay evidence where methylation-sensitive restriction enzymes are utilized to compare differential methylation between two samples by first shearing DNA, followed by end-blunting, ligation of linkers, methylation sensitive restriction, PCR using linker primers, dye labeling and relative quantification of methylated DNA fragments by two-colored array hybridization to a CpG island microarray for visual assessment.	CpG island microarray evidence
co-immunoprecipitation evidence	ECO:0000070	A type of immunoprecipitation evidence that involves precipitating two or more proteins via binding to an antibody specific to a single protein, followed by protein identification.	co-immunoprecipitation
morphological similarity evidence	ECO:0000071	A type of phenotypic similarity evidence based on the similarity of shape, structure, or configuration in structures.	IMS
Sos-recruitment assay evidence	ECO:0000072		
experimental genomic evidence	ECO:0000073	A type of experimental evidence that is based on the characterization of an attribute of the genome underlying a gene product.	inferred from genomic analysis
split-ubiquitin assay evidence	ECO:0000074	A type of physical interaction evidence that is based on detection of protein-protein interaction between a bait and prey protein by in vivo reconstitution of split-ubiquitin (when bait and prey interact) and release of a reporter protein.	split-ubiquitin assay
gene expression similarity evidence	ECO:0000075	A type of phenotypic similarity evidence that is based on the categorization of genes by the similarity of expression profiles.	IGES
far-Western blotting evidence	ECO:0000076	A type of physical interaction evidence that is based on detection of protein-protein interactions by separation of target proteins by SDS-PAGE which are blotted to a membrane, followed by denaturation and renaturation, probing with purified bait proteins, and detection of the target-bait complexes.	far-Western analysis
methylation-specific polymerase chain reaction evidence	ECO:0000077	A type of in vitro methylation assay evidence resulting from initial modification of DNA by sodium bisulfite, converting all unmethylated cytosines to uracil, and subsequent amplification with primers specific for methylated versus unmethylated DNA.	methylation-specific PCR evidence|MS-PCR|MSP
southern hybridization evidence	ECO:0000078	A type of DNA detection assay evidence that is based on detection of a specific DNA sequence by hybridization of labeled probes to any immobilized DNA fragment with sequence similarity.	Southern blot|Southern blotting
affinity chromatography evidence	ECO:0000079	A type of affinity evidence that results from separation of biochemical mixtures by selective binding of a compound to an immobilized compound on a polymeric matrix, subsequent removal of unattached components, and then displacement of the bound compound.	affinity chromatography
phylogenetic evidence	ECO:0000080	A type of similarity that indicates common ancestry.	IP
targeting sequence prediction evidence	ECO:0000081	A type of motif similarity evidence that is based on detection of a targeting sequence in the primary sequence of a protein through computational prediction and/or a manual examination of the sequence.	targeting sequence prediction
polymerase chain reaction evidence	ECO:0000082	A type of experimental genomic evidence where DNA polymerase is used to synthesize new strand of DNA complementary to the offered template strand.	PCR evidence
transmembrane domain prediction evidence	ECO:0000083	A type of motif similarity evidence that is based on detection of one, or more, transmembrane domains in the primary sequence of a protein through computational prediction and/or a manual examination of the sequence.	transmembrane domain prediction
gene neighbors evidence	ECO:0000084	A type of genomic context evidence in which a gene product's identity is supported on the basis of the identity of neighboring genes.	ICL|inferred from genome cluster
immunoprecipitation evidence	ECO:0000085	A type of protein binding evidence that involves precipitation of a multivalent antigen by a bivalent antibody for protein isolation.	immunoprecipitation
amplification of intermethylated sites evidence	ECO:0000086	A type of in vitro methylation assay evidence resulting from a genome-wide estimate of DNA methylation by differential enzymatic digestion of genomic DNA with methylation-sensitive and methylation-insensitive isoschizomers, followed by restrained PCR amplification of sequences methylated at both ends and resolving the PCR products in a denaturing polyacrylamide-sequencing gel to generate fingerprints that consist of multiple anonymous bands that represent the DNA methylome of the cell.	AIMS
immunolocalization evidence	ECO:0000087	A type of microscopy evidence where antibodies are used to detect the location of molecules or other structures within cells or tissues.	immunolocalization
biological system reconstruction evidence	ECO:0000088	A type of evidence that is based on a combination of experimental evidences or existing models of that system in a related species used for the reconstruction of a biological system.	inferred from system reconstruction|ISR
restriction landmark genomic scanning evidence	ECO:0000089	A type of DNA detection assay evidence resulting from the use of restriction enzymes for direct end-labeling of DNA (creating landmarks), followed by high-resolution two-dimensional electrophoresis to visualize the landmarks.	restriction landmark genome scanning evidence|RLGS evidence
immunogold labelling evidence	ECO:0000090	A type of immunolocalization evidence where the antibodies are labeled with colloidal gold particles whose location is then detected via microscopy.	immunogold labelling
epitope-tagged protein immunolocalization evidence	ECO:0000092	A type of immunolocalization evidence in which recombinant proteins fused with epitopes are recognized by antibodies.	immunolocalization of epitope-tagged protein
array-based sequence capture evidence	ECO:0000093	A type of DNA detection assay evidence evidence where gene sequence or variation is determined or detected by fluorescently-labeled DNA fragments hybridized to sequence-specific oligonucleotides immobilized on an array.	DNA microarray|oligonucleotide microarray evidence|single nucleotide polymorphism array evidence|SNP array evidence
biological assay evidence	ECO:0000094		
cell growth regulation assay evidence	ECO:0000095	A type of cell growth assay evidence that measures one or more aspects of cell growth over a specified time period to indicate an induced or repressed regulatory effect.	growth curve analysis
electrophoretic mobility shift assay evidence	ECO:0000096	A type of affinity evidence based on an electrophoretic mobility shift of macromolecules, where proteins, nucleic acids, or both, are combined and the resulting mixtures are electrophoresed under native conditions through polyacrylamide or agarose gel to detect interactions/complexes between proteins and/or nucleic acid.	electrophoretic mobility shift assay|EMSA: electrophoretic mobility shift assay|Gel retardation assay
cDNA to DNA expression microarray evidence	ECO:0000097	A type of expression microarray evidence where expression level is quantified by fluroescently-labeled cDNA (reverse transcribed from an unknown RNA sample) hybridized to DNA immobilized on a solid surface.	DNA microarray|RNA microarray
obsolete in situ hybridization evidence	ECO:0000098	A type of nucleic acid hybridization evidence based on localization of a specific segment of DNA or RNA by the application of a complementary strand of nucleic acid to which a reporter molecule is attached.	in situ hybridization
fractionation evidence	ECO:0000100	A type of direct assay evidence resulting from the separation of various cell components while preserving their individual functions.	
Affymetrix GeneChip evidence	ECO:0000101	A type of cRNA to DNA expression microarray evidence resulting from the use of a proprietary Affymetrix GeneChip System for analyzing complex genetic information.	Affymetrix array experiment evidence
co-fractionation evidence	ECO:0000102	A type of fractionation evidence resulting from a protein fractionated with other compounds, factors, or macromolecules.	co-fractionation
DNA to cDNA expression microarray evidence	ECO:0000104	A type of expression microarray evidence where expression levels are quantified by hybridization of fluorescently-labeled DNA to cDNA (reverse transcribed from an unknown RNA sample) immobilized on a solid surface.	microarray RNA expression level evidence|REM evidence|RNA expression microarray evidence|transcript levels (e.g. microarray data)
Nimblegen array evidence	ECO:0000105	A type of cDNA to DNA expression microarray evidence resulting from the use of a proprietary NimbleGen array to measure expression levels.	
northern blot evidence	ECO:0000106	A type of transcript expression evidence based on electrophoresis and probing to determine levels of RNA expression using a complementary hybridization probe on the separated RNA samples.	northern assay evidence|RNA blot evidence|transcript levels (e.g. Northerns)
reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction evidence	ECO:0000109	A type of RNA detection assay evidence where an RNA transcript is reverse transcribed into cDNA and amplified to qualitatively detect gene expression.	reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction transcription evidence|RT-PCR|transcript levels (e.g. RT-PCR)
RNA protection assay evidence	ECO:0000110	A type of nuclease protection assay evidence where mRNA is hybridized with radiolabeled RNA probes after which RNAse is added to digest the unbound, nonresistant single-stranded overhang regions, later the remaining probe target hybrids are purified and resolved on denaturing polyacrylamide gel, and quantified by autoradiography.	ribonuclease protection assay|RNA protection assay|RNAse protection assay|RPA
western blot evidence	ECO:0000112	A type of gel electrophoresis evidence where proteins are separated using gel electrophoresis and then they are blotted on a nitrocellulose or polyvinylidene difluoride (PVDF) membrane, later an antibody with a dye or an enzyme is added to the solution which is able to bind to its specific protein and this product is detected either by chemiluminescent detection technique or fluorescence imaging technique.	protein immunoblot|protein levels (e.g. Western blots)|Western blot expression analysis
expression library screen evidence	ECO:0000114	A type of protein expression evidence where a protein of interest is isolated on the basis of its hybridization to an antibody raised to a homologous protein.	expression library screening
differential hybridization evidence	ECO:0000116	A type of nucleic acid hybridization evidence in which preferential or exclusive expression of genes in one cell type or tissue is compared to another cell type or tissue when mRNA from each sample is reverse transcribed, labeled, and hybridized to a cDNA library to compare hybridization patterns.	differential hybridization
subtractive hybridization evidence	ECO:0000118	A type of nucleic acid hybridization evidence in which preferential or exclusive expression of genes in one cell type or tissue are compared to another cell type or tissue when denatured ds-cDNA from the two samples are hybridized, and the common sequences are 'subtracted'.	subtractive hybridization
over expression analysis evidence	ECO:0000120	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence in which a gene and/or gene product is investigated in a transgenic organism that has been engineered to overexpress that gene product.	analysis of overexpression/ectopic expression phenotype
protein localization evidence	ECO:0000122	A type of localization evidence where sub-cellular localization of a protein is determined.	
fusion protein localization evidence	ECO:0000124	A type of protein localization evidence resulting from the fusion of a protein of interest to a labeling protein which has enzymatic activity or fluorescence properties.	
green fluorescent protein fusion protein localization evidence	ECO:0000126	A type of fusion protein localization evidence resulting from the labeling of a protein of interest with green fluorescent protein (GFP) from the jellyfish Aequorea victoria.	GFP fusion protein localization evidence|localization of GFP/YFP fusion protein
yellow fluorescent protein fusion protein localization evidence	ECO:0000128	A type of fusion protein localization evidence resulting from the labeling of a protein of interest with yellow fluorescent protein (YFP), which was created by mutating green fluorescent protein (GFP) of the Aequorea victoria.	localization of GFP/YFP fusion protein|YFP fusion protein localization evidence
beta-glucuronidase fusion protein localization evidence	ECO:0000130	A type of fusion protein localization evidence resulting from the targeted insertion of the beta-glucuronidase (GUS) coding gene as a reporter gene for the localization of a particular gene product.	GUS fusion protein localization evidence|GUS staining evidence|localization of GUS fusion protein
beta-galactosidase fusion protein localization evidence	ECO:0000132	A type of fusion protein localization evidence resulting from the targeted insertion of the beta-galactosidase coding gene (lacZ) into a specific gene to create a beta-galactosidase-tagged fusion protein.	LacZ fusion protein localization evidence
transport assay evidence	ECO:0000134	A type of direct assay evidence resulting from the activity assessment of transport proteins.	transport assay
nucleic acid binding evidence	ECO:0000136	A type of affinity evidence resulting from the binding of a molecule to a nucleic acid.	
ribohomopolymer binding assay evidence	ECO:0000138	A type of nucleic acid binding evidence resulting from an enzyme displaying binding activity to specific ribohomopolymer.	ribohomopolymer binding assay
thin layer chromatography evidence	ECO:0000140	A type of chromatography evidence that uses a thin layer of adsorbent (such as silica gel, alumina, or cellulose) on a flat, inert substrate.	thin layer chromatography|TLC evidence
protein:ion binding evidence	ECO:0000142	A type of protein binding evidence resulting from a metal ion binding to a protein at a specific binding site.	
Southwestern blot evidence	ECO:0000144	A type of nucleic acid binding evidence in which DNA-protein binding is detected using labeled DNA as probes, hybridized to electrophoretically separated proteins.	Southwestern analysis
Northwestern blot evidence	ECO:0000146	A type of nucleic acid binding evidence in which RNA-protein binding is detected using labeled RNA as probes, hybridized to electrophoretically separated proteins.	Northwestern analysis
in vitro binding evidence	ECO:0000148		
in vitro transcription reconstitution assay evidence	ECO:0000150	A type of reconstitution assay evidence resulting from the use of reconstituted polymerase transcription systems to investigate RNA synthesis.	in vitro reconstitution assay with recombinant protein
in vitro recombinant protein transcription reconstitution assay evidence	ECO:0000152	A type of in vitro transcription reconstitution assay evidence resulting from the use of recombinant proteins in preparation of a fully-defined transcription system.	in vitro reconstitution assay with recombinant protein
heterologous protein expression evidence	ECO:0000154	A type of protein expression evidence where a gene from one cell is inserted into a cell that does not typically contain that gene and heterologous protein expression is assessed.	protein expression in heterologous system
protein separation evidence	ECO:0000156	A type of fractionation evidence resulting from the isolation of a single type of protein from a complex mixture.	
protein separation followed by direct sequencing evidence	ECO:0000158	A type of protein separation evidence that is followed by direct protein sequencing whereby a protein's amino acid sequence is determined experimentally by Edman degradation or by mass spectrometry.	protein separation and direct sequencing
protein separation followed by fragment identification evidence	ECO:0000160	A type of protein separation evidence which then utilizes the screening and identification of small-molecules that bind to proteins.	protein separation and fragment identification
heterologous system uptake evidence	ECO:0000162	A type of transport assay evidence in which the uptake mechanism of a transporter is investigated in a cell that does not normally express that protein.	uptake assay in heterologous system
electrophysiology assay evidence	ECO:0000164	A type of direct assay evidence where electrical properties of cells or tissues are studied.	
two-electrode voltage clamp recording evidence	ECO:0000166	A type of voltage clamp recording evidence which involves using two electrodes inserted into a large cell (often a xenopus oocyte) where one electrode is used to measure the internal potential (voltage) of the cell and the other electrode is used to clamp the current.	two-electrode voltage clamp technique
transcription assay evidence	ECO:0000168	A type of direct assay evidence resulting from the detection and quantification of transcribed RNA.	
transcriptional activation assay evidence	ECO:0000170	A type of transcription assay evidence in which sequence-specific binding proteins that increase transcription of a specific target gene or genes are identified, quantified, and/or analyzed.	transcriptional activation assay
biochemical trait analysis evidence	ECO:0000172	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence in which the biochemical aspect of a mutation is analyzed.	analysis of biochemical trait
mutant physiological response evidence	ECO:0000174	A type of mutant phenotype evidence in which the physiological response of a mutant when presented with an external stimulus is determined.	analysis of physiological response
mutant visible phenotype evidence	ECO:0000176	A type of mutant phenotype evidence in which traits arising from a mutation are visually examined.	analysis of visible trait
genomic context evidence	ECO:0000177	A type of similarity evidence in which the location of the gene within the genome provides insight into the gene's function or evolutionary insight.	
in vivo assay evidence	ECO:0000178	A type of direct assay evidence resulting from a sample of microorganisms or living tissue grown in a medium.	
animal model system study evidence	ECO:0000179	A type of experimental evidence arising from the investigation of an animal model system.	
clinical study evidence	ECO:0000180	A type of experimental evidence arising from a controlled investigation that uses human subjects.	
in vitro assay evidence	ECO:0000181	A type of direct assay evidence resulting from a process performed outside the living organism, where the components of an organism have been isolated from their usual biological context, to permit a more detailed or more convenient analysis in an artificial setting.	
in vitro culture assay evidence	ECO:0000182		
cell-free assay evidence	ECO:0000183	A type of direct assay evidence resulting from studies in which cytoplasmic and/or nuclear cellular components from resting, nonstimulated cells, are isolated by ultracentrifugation to provide molecular machinery that can be used in reactions in the absence of many of the other cellular components for the purpose of in vitro protein synthesis, transcription, DNA replication, etc.	in vitro assay
enzyme inhibition evidence	ECO:0000184	A type of protein inhibition evidence and enzymatic acitivty evidence where the protein under study is an enzyme.	
sequence alignment evidence	ECO:0000200	A type of sequence similarity evidence in which an annotation is made based on a manually-reviewed or published sequence alignment	
sequence orthology evidence	ECO:0000201	A type of sequence similarity evidence in which orthology is established by multiple criteria, including amino acid and/or nucleotide sequence comparisons and one or more of the following: phylogenetic analysis, coincident expression, conserved map location, functional complementation, immunological cross-reaction, similarity in subcellular localization, subunit structure, substrate specificity, and response to specific inhibitors.	ortholog evidence
match to sequence model evidence	ECO:0000202	A type of sequence similarity evidence in which the function of a gene product is predicted based on a sequence-based statistical model.	
automatic assertion	ECO:0000203	An assertion method that does not involve human review.	
author statement	ECO:0000204	An evidence type that is based on an assertion by the author of a paper, which is read by a curator.	author inference
curator inference	ECO:0000205	A type of inferential evidence that is based on a conclusion drawn by a curator.	
BLAST evidence	ECO:0000206	A type of pairwise sequence alignment evidence obtained with basic local alignment search tool (BLAST).	
nucleotide BLAST evidence	ECO:0000207	A type of BLAST evidence in which nucleotide sequences are aligned.	
protein BLAST evidence	ECO:0000208	A type of BLAST evidence in which amino acid or translated nucleotide sequences are aligned.	
BLAST evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000209	A type of BLAST evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
nucleotide BLAST evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000210	A type of nucleotide BLAST evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein BLAST evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000211	A type of protein BLAST evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
combinatorial evidence	ECO:0000212	A type of evidence in which at least two distinct types of evidence have been integrated.	inferred from in-silico analysis
combinatorial evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000213	A type of combinatorial analysis that is used in an automatic assertion.	inferred from in-silico analysis
biological aspect of descendant evidence	ECO:0000214	A type of phylogenetic evidence whereby an aspect of an ancestral gene is inferred through the characterization of an aspect of a descendant gene.	
rapid divergence from ancestral sequence evidence	ECO:0000215	A type of phylogenetic evidence characterized by long phylogenetic tree branch lengths following a duplication event.	
phylogenetic determination of loss of key residues evidence	ECO:0000216	A type of phylogenetic evidence characterized by the absence of key sequence residues.	
assertion method	ECO:0000217	A means by which a statement is made about an entity.	
manual assertion	ECO:0000218	An assertion method that involves human review.	
nucleotide sequencing assay evidence	ECO:0000219	A type of sequencing assay that determines the sequence of a biopolymer comprised of nucleotides.	DNA sequencing
sequencing assay evidence	ECO:0000220	A type of experimental evidence where the order of molecules that constitute a biopolymer is determined.	
high throughput nucleotide sequencing assay evidence	ECO:0000221	A type of nucleotide sequencing assay evidence in which a sequence is derived from a parallelized sequencing technique.	next generation sequencing evidence
Illumina sequencing evidence	ECO:0000222	A type of high throughput nucleotide sequencing evidence in which sequence is determined through hybridization of adaptor-ligated DNA to a glass slide on which each fragment is simultaneously clonally amplified, followed by progressive rounds of base incorporation with fluorescently-tagged nucleotides, washing, imaging, and cleavage.	Solexa sequencing result
454 pyrosequencing evidence	ECO:0000223	A type of high throughput nucleotide sequencing evidence in which the sequence for a ssDNA is determined by addition of primers and then nucleotides, one base pair at a time (which generate a specific fluorescence), to the target strand.	pyrosequencing
SOLiD sequencing evidence	ECO:0000224	A type of high throughput nucleotide sequencing evidence in which sequence is determined through rounds of ligation-based sequencing with fluorescently-labeled Di-base probes and cleavage, after which the template is reset, with a primer offset by one base, for subsequent rounds of ligation.	
chain termination sequencing evidence	ECO:0000225	A type of nucleotide sequencing assay in which DNA sequence is determined by addition of a primed DNA template to a reaction mixture, followed by addition of DNA polymerase, deoxynucleosidetriphosphates (dNTPs - one of which may be radiolabeled), and one of four di-deoxynucleotidetriphosphates (ddNTPs), after which DNA elongation is terminated and the DNA is separated by size and imaged.	dye terminator sequencing|Sanger sequencing
chromatin immunoprecipitation evidence	ECO:0000226	A type of immunoprecipitation evidence that is used to identify a protein binding site on a genomic DNA sequence.	ChIP evidence
chromatin immunoprecipitation-PCR evidence	ECO:0000227	A type of chromatin immunoprecipitation evidence that uses polymerase chain reaction (PCR) where specific primers are used on the pulled-down DNA for DNA detection.	ChIP-PCR evidence
chromatin immunoprecipitation-qPCR evidence	ECO:0000228	A type of chromatin immunoprecipitation evidence in which protein-DNA interactions are investigated at known genomic binding sites through a process of ChIP, DNA purification, and finally quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) for DNA detection.	ChIP-qPCR evidence
chromatin immunoprecipitation-seq evidence	ECO:0000229	A type of chromatin immunoprecipitation evidence that uses high-throughput sequencing where immunoprecipitated DNA fragments are funnelled into a massively parallel sequencer to produce multiple short reads for locating binding sites of DNA-associated proteins.	ChIP-SEQ evidence|ChIP-seq evidence
chromatin immunoprecipitation-chip evidence	ECO:0000230	A type of chromatin immunoprecipitation evidence that uses a tiling microarray for the detection of protein-bound DNA regions where chromatin is immunoprecipitated for protein tagging and DNA is sheared from the cross-linked protein-DNA complex to be arrayed revealing the protein-bound genomic regions.	ChIP-chip evidence|ChIP-on-chip evidence
quantitative polymerase chain reaction evidence	ECO:0000231	A type of DNA detection assay evidence where the reaction product is quantified in real-time across cycles by means of fluorescent dyes or fluorescent probes for detection and quantification of specific sequences in a DNA sample.	Q-PCR evidence|qPCR evidence|qRT-PCR evidence|quantitative PCR evidence|quantitative real-time PCR evidence|real time polymerase chain reaction evidence|real-time PCR evidence|real-time quantitative PCR
chromosome conformation-based evidence	ECO:0000232	A type of experimental evidence that is based on a five-step technique of cross-linking DNA in vivo, restriction digestion, intramolecular ligation, reversing DNA cross-links, DNA processing, and quantitation that serves to analyze the spatial organization of chromatin in a cell and quantify the number of interactions between genomic loci that are nearby in 3-D space.	3C|chromosome conformation capture|chromosome conformation capture-based evidence
3C evidence	ECO:0000233	A type of chromosome conformation-based evidence that is derived by 1) quantifying interactions between a single pair of genomic loci and not multiple interactions and 2) performing polymerase chain reaction (PCR) in the final product quantitation step.	3C|chromosome conformation capture evidence|chromosome conformation capture-PCR evidence
4C evidence	ECO:0000234	A type of chromosome conformation-based evidence that is derived by inverse polymerase chain reaction (inverse PCR) on a prior circularized 3C library followed by product quantitation with a microarray.	chromosome conformation capture on chip|circularized 3C|circularized chromosome conformation capture evidence
5C evidence	ECO:0000235	A type of chromosome conformation-based evidence that is derived by performing ligation-mediated amplification (LMA) prior to product quantitation.	5C|carbon-copy 3C|carbon-copy chromosome conformation capture evidence
chromosome conformation capture-PCR evidence	ECO:0000236	A type of chromosome conformation capture evidence that is derived by performing polymerase chain reaction (PCR) in the quantitation step.	3C|3C-PCR
3C-qPCR evidence	ECO:0000237	A type of 3C evidence evidence that 1) quantifies interactions between a single pair of genomic loci (not multiple interactions) and 2) performs quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) in the quantitation step.	3C-quantitative PCR|3C-real-time PCR|chromosome conformation capture-qPCR evidence
Hi-C evidence	ECO:0000238	A type of chromosome conformation-based evidence that is derived by performing immunoprecipitation enrichment of the biotin labelled ligated fragments events prior to sequencing of the library and mapping it to the genome.	
3C-seq evidence	ECO:0000239	A type of chromosome conformation-based evidence that is derived by inverse polymerase chain reaction (inverse PCR) on a circularized 3C library prior to product quantitation with multiplexed high-throughput (HT) sequencing.	3C sequencing|chromosome conformation capture sequencing evidence|circularized 3C sequencing|circularized 3C-seq
anatomical perturbation phenotypic evidence	ECO:0000240	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence resulting from the disruption of a structural feature.	anatomical perturbation evidence
environmental perturbation phenotypic evidence	ECO:0000241	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence resulting from modification to the surroundings or conditions in which an organism lives or operates.	environmental perturbation evidence|mechanical constraint evidence
tissue ablation phenotypic evidence	ECO:0000242	A type of anatomical perturbation phenotypic evidence resulting from the surgical removal of tissue or subcellular components.	ablated tissue evidence|tissue ablation evidence
tissue grafting phenotypic evidence	ECO:0000243	A type of anatomical perturbation phenotypic evidence resulting from the addition of tissue to an organism through a graft procedure.	tissue grafting evidence
combinatorial evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000244	A type of combinatorial analysis that is used in a manual assertion.	inferred from in-silico analysis
automatically integrated combinatorial evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000245	A type of automatically integrated combinatorial evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	computational combinatorial evidence used in manual assertion|inferred from reviewed computational analysis|RCA
computational combinatorial evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000246	A type of computational combinatorial analysis that is used in an automatic assertion.	
sequence alignment evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000247	A type of sequence alignment evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	inferred from sequence alignment|ISA
sequence alignment evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000248	A type of sequence alignment evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
sequence similarity evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000249	A type of sequence similarity evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
sequence similarity evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000250	A type of sequence similarity evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	inferred from sequence or structural similarity|ISS
similarity evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000251	A type of similarity evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	inferred from similarity|IS
similarity evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000252	A type of similarity evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	inferred from similarity|IS
genetic similarity evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000253	A type of genetic similarity evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	IGTS|inferred from genetic similarity
genetic similarity evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000254	A type of genetic similarity evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	IGTS|inferred from genetic similarity
match to sequence model evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000255	A type of match to sequence model evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	inferred from sequence model|ISM
match to sequence model evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000256	A type of match to sequence model evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
motif similarity evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000257	A type of motif similarity evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	recognized domains
motif similarity evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000258	A type of motif similarity evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	recognized domains
match to InterPro member signature evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000259	A type of match to InterPro member signature evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
match to InterPro member signature evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000260	A type of match to InterPro member signature evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
targeting sequence prediction evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000261	A type of targeting sequence prediction that is used in an automatic assertion.	targeting sequence prediction
targeting sequence prediction evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000262	A type of targeting sequence prediction that is used in a manual assertion.	targeting sequence prediction
transmembrane domain prediction evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000263	A type of transmembrane domain prediction that is used in an automatic assertion.	transmembrane domain prediction
transmembrane domain prediction evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000264	A type of transmembrane domain prediction that is used in a manual assertion.	transmembrane domain prediction
sequence orthology evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000265	A type of sequence orthology evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	Ortholog evidence|ortholog evidence
sequence orthology evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000266	A type of sequence orthology evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	inferred from sequence orthology|ISO|Ortholog evidence|ortholog evidence
enzyme-linked immunoabsorbent assay evidence	ECO:0000267	A type of protein detection assay evidence where an antigen is bound to a substrate, and an antibody directly or indirectly linked to an enzyme is utilized to determine the amount of bound antigen which is visualized with a color change in the substrate.	ELISA evidence|enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay
flow cytometry evidence	ECO:0000268	A type of direct assay evidence in which cells or particles are characterized by passing them through a light source and monitoring the resultant light scatter or fluorochrome excitation.	FCM
experimental evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000269	A type of experimental evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	EXP|inferred from experiment
expression pattern evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000270	A type of expression pattern evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	IEP|inferred from expression pattern
array experiment evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000271		
Affymetrix GeneChip evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000272	A type of Affymetrix GeneChip evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	Affymetrix array experiment evidence
cDNA to DNA expression microarray evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000273	A type of cDNA to DNA expression microarray evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	DNA microarray|RNA microarray
differential methylation hybridization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000274	A type of differential methylation hybridization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	CpG island microarray evidence|CpG island microarray evidence used in manual assertion
expression microarray evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000275	A type of expression microarray evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	differential gene expression evidence from microarray experiment
cRNA to DNA expression microarray evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000276	A type of cRNA to DNA expression microarray evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	genomic microarray evidence|genomic microarray evidence used in manual assertion
Nimblegen array evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000277	A type of evidence arising from a Nimblegen array experiment that is used in a manual assertion.	
array-based sequence capture evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000278	A type of array-based sequence capture evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	DNA microarray|oligonucleotide microarray evidence|oligonucleotide microarray evidence used in manual assertion|single nucleotide polymorphism array evidence|SNP array evidence
western blot evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000279	A type of Western blot assay that is used in a manual assertion.	protein immunoblot|protein levels (e.g. Western blots)|Western blot expression analysis
protein expression level evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000280	A type of protein expression level analysis that is used in a manual assertion.	
expression library screen evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000281	A type of expression library screen evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	expression library screening
heterologous protein expression evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000282	A type of heterologous protein expression analysis that is used in a manual assertion.	protein expression in heterologous system
spatial pattern of protein expression evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000283	A type of protein expression spatial pattern analysis that is used in a manual assertion.	
protein expression evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000284	A type of protein expression analysis that is used in a manual assertion.	
DNA to cDNA expression microarray evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000285	A type of DNA to cDNA expression microarray evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	microarray RNA expression level evidence|REM evidence|RNA expression microarray evidence|transcript levels (e.g. microarray data)
differential hybridization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000287	A type of differential hybridization experiment that is used in a manual assertion.	differential hybridization
RNA protection assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000288	A type of RNA protection assay that is used in a manual assertion.	ribonuclease protection assay|RNA protection assay|RPA|RNAse protection assay
spatial pattern of transcript expression evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000289	A type of spatial pattern of transcript expression analysis that is used in a manual assertion.	
subtractive hybridization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000290	A type of subtractive hybridization experiment that is used in a manual assertion.	subtractive hybridization
transcript expression evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000291	A type of transcript expression evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	transcript expression level evidence
morpholino experiment evidence	ECO:0000292	A type of mutant phenotype evidence that uses anti-sense by introducing morpholino oligonucleotides into the cytosol of a cell.	anti-sense
systematic evolution of ligands by exponential amplification evidence	ECO:0000293	A type of evidence arising from a physical interaction analysis where a combinatorial chemistry technique is used to identify oligonucleotides that bind to a target ligand.	in vitro evolution evidence|in vitro selection evidence|SELEX evidence
bacterial one-hybrid evidence	ECO:0000294	A type of hybrid interaction evidence that uses bacterial transformation with two plasmids to assess in vivo binding of a DNA-binding domain (bait) and DNA target site (prey).	B1H evidence
RNA-sequencing evidence	ECO:0000295	A type of transcript evidence based on high-throughput (HT) sequencing of fragmented cDNA molecules.	differential gene expression evidence from RNA-seq experiment|RNA sequencing|RNA-seq evidence|whole transcriptome shotgun sequencing|WTSS
cleavage arrested development evidence	ECO:0000298	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence where embryonic development proceeds although cytokinesis is blocked.	
cytochalasin experiment evidence	ECO:0000299	A type of cleavage arrested development that arises after treatment with cytochalasin.	
green fluorescent protein immunolocalization evidence	ECO:0000300	A type of immunolocalization evidence data that was generated using green fluorescent protein (GFP) as a marker.	GFP immunolocalization evidence
beta-galactosidase protein immunolocalization evidence	ECO:0000301	A type of immunolocalization evidence that was generated using LacZ protein as a marker.	LacZ protein immunolocalization evidence
author statement used in manual assertion	ECO:0000302	A type of author statement that is used in a manual assertion.	author inference used in manual assertion
author statement without traceable support used in manual assertion	ECO:0000303	A type of author statement without traceable support that is used in a manual assertion.	NAS|non-traceable author statement
author statement supported by traceable reference used in manual assertion	ECO:0000304	A type of author statement supported by traceable reference that is used in a manual assertion.	TAS|traceable author statement
curator inference used in manual assertion	ECO:0000305	A type of curator inference that is used in a manual assertion.	IC|inferred by curator
inference from background scientific knowledge used in manual assertion	ECO:0000306	A type of inference from background scientific knowledge that is used in a manual assertion.	
no biological data found used in manual assertion	ECO:0000307	A type of no biological data found that is used in a manual assertion.	ND|no biological data available
biological aspect of ancestor evidence	ECO:0000308	A type of phylogenetic evidence whereby an aspect of a descendant gene is inferred through the characterization of an aspect of an ancestral gene.	
cap analysis of gene expression evidence	ECO:0000309	A type of transcript expression evidence based on high-throughput (HT) sequencing of the 5' ends of cDNA molecules that are selected by a cap-trapper system.	CAGE
nano-cap analysis of gene expression evidence	ECO:0000310	A type of transcript expression evidence based on high-throughput (HT) sequencing of the 5' ends of cDNA molecules that are selected by reverse transcriptase template switching.	nanoCAGE
imported information	ECO:0000311	A type of evidence that is based on work performed by a person or group prior to a use by a different person or group.	
imported information used in manual assertion	ECO:0000312	A type of imported information that is used in a manual assertion.	
imported information used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000313	A type of imported information that is used in an automatic assertion.	
direct assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000314	A type of direct assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	IDA|inferred from direct assay
mutant phenotype evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000315	A type of mutant phenotype evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	IMP|inferred from mutant phenotype
genetic interaction evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000316	A type of genetic interaction experiment evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	IGI|inferred from genetic interaction
genomic context evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000317	A type of genomic context evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	IGC|inferred from genomic context
biological aspect of ancestor evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000318	A type of biological aspect of ancestor evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	IBA|inferred from biological aspect of ancestor
biological aspect of descendant evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000319	A type of biological aspect of descendant evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	IBD|inferred from biological aspect of descendant
phylogenetic determination of loss of key residues evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000320	A type of phylogenetic determination of loss of key residues evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	IKR|IMR|inferred from key residues|inferred from missing residues
rapid divergence from ancestral sequence evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000321	A type of rapid divergence from ancestral sequence evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	inferred from rapid divergence|IRD
imported manually asserted information used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000322	Evidence that was initially used in manual assertion by one person or group, which is imported by a second person or group and used in automatic assertion.	
imported automatically asserted information used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000323	A type of imported information used in automatic assertion that was initially used in automatic assertion by one person or group, which is imported by a second person or group and used in automatic assertion.	
imaging assay evidence	ECO:0000324	A type of direct assay evidence in which an image is created and analyzed.	radiologic test evidence
chromatography evidence	ECO:0000325	A type of experimental evidence that is based on separation of constituent parts of a mixture (the mobile phase) as they pass differentially through a stationary phase due to differences in partition coefficient and retention on the stationary phase.	chromatographic evidence
transcript splice pattern evidence	ECO:0000326	A type of sequence alignment evidence that is based on comparing the position of exon junctions, relative to a reference genome, for a transcript annotation and a supporting transcript.	
whole transcript splice pattern evidence	ECO:0000327	A type of transcript splice pattern evidence that is based on the exon combination of a whole transcript, rather than its constituent features.	
coding sequence splice pattern evidence	ECO:0000328	A type of transcript splice pattern evidence that is based on the exon combination of a coding sequence (CDS), a sub-feature of a whole transcript.	
whole transcript splice pattern evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000329	A type of transcript splice pattern evidence that is based on the exon combination of a whole transcript, rather than its constituent features, and is used in manual assertion.	
coding sequence splice pattern evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000330	A type of transcript splice pattern evidence that is based on the exon combination of a coding sequence (CDS), a sub-feature of a whole transcript, and is used in manual assertion.	
coding sequence splice pattern evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000331	A type of transcript splice pattern evidence that is based on the exon combination of a coding sequence (CDS), a sub-feature of a whole transcript, and is used in automatic assertion.	
whole transcript splice pattern evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000332	A type of transcript splice pattern evidence that is based on the exon combination of a whole transcript, rather than its constituent features, and is used in automatic assertion.	
sodium dodecyl sulfate polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis evidence	ECO:0000333	A type of gel electrophoresis evidence where proteins are separated according to their electrophoretic mobility.	SDS-PAGE evidence
particle size and count assay evidence	ECO:0000334	A type of direct assay evidence resulting from an assay where both the size of and number of particles in a sample are determined.	
substance quantification evidence	ECO:0000335	A type of direct assay evidence where the quantity of a substance used as part of an assay is measured.	
competitive growth assay evidence	ECO:0000336	A type of cell proliferation assay evidence in which a mutated strain of a microorganism, such as a yeast or bacterium, is grown competitively with wild-type cells and the relative fitness of the strains is assessed usually by means of a fluorescent marker and flow cytometric analysis.	fitness profiling
gel electrophoresis evidence	ECO:0000337	A type of direct assay evidence where molecules have been sorted according to their size and charge by moving through a gel in the presence of an electric field.	
pulsed-field gel electrophoresis evidence	ECO:0000338	A type of gel electrophoresis evidence in which large DNA molecules are separated on agarose gel by alternately pulsed, perpendicularly oriented electrical fields, at least one of which is inhomogeneous.	PFGE
two-dimensional agarose gel electrophoresis evidence	ECO:0000339	A type of gel electrophoresis evidence where DNA molecules are electrophoresed on a low percentage agarose gel followed by high voltage electrophoresis on a higher percentage agarose gel in the presence of ethidium bromide.	2-D agarose gel electrophoresis
plasmid maintenance assay evidence	ECO:0000340	A type of experimental evidence in which a plasmid that is capable of being replicated is introduced into cells, cells are grown without selection for several generations, and retention of the plasmid is determined.	minichromosome maintenance assay evidence
specific protein inhibition by antibody evidence	ECO:0000341	A type of specific protein inhibition evidence where the molecular function of a protein is inhibited by an antibody.	
Support of intron position by RNA-sequencing alignment evidence	ECO:0000342	A type of RNA-seq evidence where intron locations in predicted transcripts are compared to intron locations supported by RNA-seq evidence.	Support of intron position by RNA-seq alignment evidence
Full support of intron position by RNA-sequencing alignment evidence	ECO:0000343	A type of support of intron position by RNA-seq alignment evidence where RNA-seq alignment from a single sample supports all of the intron positions (exon pairs) predicted for a transcript.	Full support of intron position by RNA-seq alignment evidence
Partial support of intron position by RNA-sequencing alignment evidence	ECO:0000344	A type of support of intron position by RNA-seq alignment evidence where RNA-seq alignment to a genome supports only some of the intron positions (exon pairs) predicted for a transcript.	Partial support of intron position by RNA-seq alignment evidence
single exon transcript confirmation via alignment evidence	ECO:0000345	A type of sequence alignment evidence resulting from the comparison of a single exon transcript to a collection / database of known single exon genes.	
Support of intron position by RNA-sequencing alignment evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000346	A type of support of intron position by RNA-seq alignment evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	Support of intron position by RNA-seq alignment evidence used in manual assertion
Support of intron position by RNA-sequencing alignment evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000347	A type of support of intron position by RNA-seq alignment evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	Support of intron position by RNA-seq alignment evidence used in automatic assertion
Full support of intron position by RNA-sequencing alignment evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000348	A type of full support of intron position by RNA-seq alignment evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	Full support of intron position by RNA-seq alignment evidence used in automatic assertion
Full support of intron position by RNA-sequencing alignment evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000349	A type of full support of intron position by RNA-seq alignment evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	Full support of intron position by RNA-seq alignment evidence used in manual assertion
Partial support of intron position by RNA-sequencing alignment evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000350	A type of partial support of intron position by RNA-seq alignment evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	Partial support of intron position by RNA-seq alignment evidence used in automatic assertion
Partial support of intron position by RNA-sequencing alignment evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000351	A type of partial support of intron position by RNA-seq alignment evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	Partial support of intron position by RNA-seq alignment evidence used in manual assertion
evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000352	A type of evidence that is used in an manual assertion.	
physical interaction evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000353	A type of physical interaction evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	inferred from physical interaction|IPI
gene neighbors evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0000354	A type of gene neighbors evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	ICL|inferred from genome cluster
phylogenetic distribution evidence	ECO:0000355	A type of phylogenetic evidence characterized by the mapping of the character states of living organisms onto phylogenies using the method of maximum parsimony.	
differential geneset expression evidence from microarray experiment (GSEA, Fisher-exact)	ECO:0000358	A type of transcript expression evidence resulting from a microarray analysis with the use of the Gene Set Enrichment Analysis (GSEA) method or the Fisher's-Exact (FE) method to assess the differential expression.	
differential geneset expression evidence from RNA-seq experiment (GSEA, Fisher-exact)	ECO:0000359	A type of transcript expression evidence resulting from the use of the Gene Set Enrichment Analysis (GSEA) method or Fisher's-Exact (FE) method to assess an RNA-seq dataset for differential gene expression.	
biological target-disease association via drug evidence	ECO:0000360	A type of experimental evidence resulting from the prediction of drug-target interactions by computational means.	
inferential evidence	ECO:0000361	A type of evidence where an assertion is derived from another assertion via logical inference or some non-logical but rational means.	
computational inference	ECO:0000362	A type of inferential evidence based on a computationally derived unary inference or an inference chain in which at least one step is \ncomputationally derived.	evidence based on computational logical inference
computational inference used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000363	A type of evidence based on computational logical inference that is used in automatic assertion.	evidence based on computational logical inference used in automatic assertion
evidence based on logical inference from manual annotation used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000364	A type of evidence based on logical inference from a manually curated annotation that is used in an automatic assertion.	
evidence based on logical inference from automatic annotation used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000366	A type of evidence based on logical inference from an automatically curated annotation that is used in an automatic assertion.	
evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0000501	A type of evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	IEA|inferred from electronic annotation
3D cell culture evidence	ECO:0001001	A type of cell proliferation assay evidence resulting from the growth of cells in a micro-environment that mimics real tissue and establishes physiological cell-cell and cell-substrate interactions that regulate proliferation and differentiation.	
[3H]arachidonic acid release assay evidence	ECO:0001002	A type of cell-based assay evidence resulting from labeling cells with [3H]arachidonic acid and subsequently determining the release of the arachidonic acid by the cells.	
[3H]-thymidine incorporation assay evidence	ECO:0001003	A type of DNA synthesis cell proliferation assay evidence resulting from the measurement of cell proliferation rate by determining the incorporation of [3H]-thymidine into cellular nucleic acids.	
51Cr release assay evidence	ECO:0001004	A type of cytotoxicity assay evidence resulting from the measurement of the amount of radioactive 51Cr released in the supernatant of a sample of 51Cr pre-labeled cells via cytolysis by effector cells (cytotoxic T-cells).	
7-aminoactinomycin staining evidence	ECO:0001005	A type of apoptotic assay evidence resulting from the use of 7-aminoactinomycin D (7-AAD) to distinguish viable, apoptotic, and dead cells, using the fact that permeability of the cell membrane, and fluorescence intensity, is low in early apoptotic cells and high in late apoptotic and dead cells.	7-AAD staining evidence|7-amino-actinomycin D staining evidence
adhesion assay evidence	ECO:0001006	A type of cell-based assay evidence resulting from the analysis of cell binding either to extracellular matrix proteins or other cells.	
adoptive cell transfer evidence	ECO:0001007	A type of ex vivo assay evidence derived by ex vivo selection of tumor-reactive lymphocytes, and their activation and numerical expansion before re-infusion to the autologous tumor-bearing host.	Adoptive immunotherapy|passive immunization
alamarBlue assay evidence	ECO:0001008	A type of cell viability assay evidence resulting from the continuous measurement of fluorescence intensity from the viable cells, where a cell permeable compound, resazurin (the active ingredient of alamarBlue), is reduced to fluorescent resorufin.	
allograft transplantation phenotypic evidence	ECO:0001009	A type of anatomical perturbation phenotypic evidence resulting from the transplantation of an organ or tissue from one individual of the same species with a different genotype.	allograft transplantation experiment evidence|allografting|Allotransplantation|tissue grafting
anion-exchange chromatography evidence	ECO:0001010	A type of chromatography evidence where a positively charged ion exchange resin with an affinity for molecules having net negative surface charges is used to separate the molecules.	
annexin-V staining evidence	ECO:0001011	A type of apoptotic assay evidence resulting from the addition and subsequent binding of Annexin V to phosphatidylserine in cells to detect if they are viable, apoptotic, or necrotic.	
cognitive assay phenotypic evidence	ECO:0001012	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence resulting from behavioral phenotyping and analysis to assess cognitive functioning.	behavioral assay evidence
blocking monoclonal antibody evidence	ECO:0001013	A type of immunological assay evidence resulting from inhibitory effect of monoclonal antibody combining with an antigen over other antibodies.	
blocking peptide evidence	ECO:0001014	A type of immunological assay evidence resulting from the use of peptides to block antibodies from binding to their targets.	
blocking polyclonal antibody evidence	ECO:0001015	A type of immunological assay evidence resulting from the inhibitory effect of polyclonal antibodies (antibodies secreted by different B cell lineages), which while not reacting with a specific antigen, serve to prevent other antibodies from doing so.	
blood test evidence	ECO:0001016	A type of direct assay evidence where a blood sample is extracted from an organism to analyze different blood components.	
Boyden chamber assay evidence	ECO:0001017	A type of chemotaxis assay evidence where the presence or absence of positive or negative chemotaxis is determined by measuring the number of cells that migrate from the upper compartment of a chamber (separated by a micro-porous membrane) to the lower compartment, in which chemotactic agents are present.	
bromodeoxyuridine incorporation assay evidence	ECO:0001018	A type of nucleotide analog incorporation evidence resulting from the incorporation of bromodeoxyuridine (BrdU) as a thymidine analog into nuclear DNA, resulting in a label that can be tracked using antibody probes.	5-bromo-2'-deoxyuridine incorporation assay evidence|BrdU incorporation assay evidence|BrdUrd incorporation assay evidence|BUdR incorporation assay evidence|cell proliferation marker detection assay evidence
caspase assay evidence	ECO:0001019	A type of apoptotic assay evidence resulting from the detection of caspase activation, which results in the cleaving of intracellular substrates during apoptosis.	
cell counting evidence	ECO:0001020	A type of cell-based assay evidence resulting from the quantification of a sample of cells.	
cell permeability assay evidence	ECO:0001021	A type of cell-based assay evidence resulting from the quantification of cell permeability.	
carboxyfluorescein diacetate succinimidyl ester staining evidence	ECO:0001022	A type of staining evidence resulting from monitoring division by the use of carboxyfluorescein diacetate succinimidyl ester (CFSE) to label intracellular molecules with carboxyfluorescein; when a labeled cell divides, the number of carboxyfluorescein-tagged molecules is split.	CFDA-SE staining evidence|CFSE-staining evidence
chemiluminescence-linked immunoassay evidence	ECO:0001023	A type of protein detection assay evidence resulting from a complex (a chemiluminescent compound, protein and a steroidal hapten) utilized as a labeled antigen, which emits light when treated with hydrogen peroxide and copper acetate at a high pH.	CLIA evidence
chimeric protein phenotypic evidence	ECO:0001024	A type of mutant phenotype evidence resulting from the fusion of two or more different genes to create one protein product.	chimeric protein evidence
co-electrophoresis evidence	ECO:0001025	A type of gel electrophoresis evidence resulting from the electrophoresis of two substances together, allowing for the characterization of ligand/nucleic acid binding interactions.	
co-localization evidence	ECO:0001026	A type of imaging assay evidence resulting from the limited observation of the co-occurrence of molecules in a subcellular location.	
colony counting evidence	ECO:0001027	A type of direct assay evidence resulting from the counting of microbial colonies that arise from viable cells grown on a plate or dish.	
co-sedimentation assay evidence	ECO:0001028	A type of physical interaction evidence resulting from the separation of a mixture of molecules under the influence of a force such as artificial gravity, where molecules sedimenting together are assumed to interact.	
comet assay evidence	ECO:0001029	A type of gel electrophoresis evidence resulting in the assessment of DNA breakage in a cell, based on size and shape of DNA migration.	
conditional knockout evidence	ECO:0001030	A type of knockout evidence resulting from a temporally-restricted and/or tissue-specific targeted gene removal.	
conditional knockin evidence	ECO:0001031	A type of knockin evidence resulting from the targeted introduction of a temporally-restricted and/or tissue-specific mutation.	
constitutively active mutant evidence	ECO:0001032	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence resulting from a constitutively active mutant (CAM), resulting in mutant proteins that remain active in the absence of upstream signals.	
cross-linking evidence	ECO:0001033	A type of protein binding evidence resulting from the identification of two interacting proteins (that exist in close proximity) by linking through covalent bonds followed by identification	
crystallography evidence	ECO:0001034	A type of structure determination evidence resulting from the use of a narrow beam of x-rays to identify molecular structures by creating a diffraction pattern.	
cytochemistry evidence	ECO:0001035	A type of histochemistry evidence resulting from localizing chemical components of cells and organelles on histological sections.	
cytochrome C release assay evidence	ECO:0001036	A type of apoptotic assay evidence resulting from the identification of an accumulation of cytochrome C in the cytoplasm after its release from the mitochondria, an early event in apoptosis.	
	ECO:0001037	A type of staining evidence resulting from 4',6-diamidino-2-phenylindole (DAPI) binding to AT regions of DNA and emitting a blue fluorescence.	DAPI staining evidence|diaminophenylindole staining
deletion mutation phenotypic evidence	ECO:0001038	A type of mutant phenotype evidence resulting from a mutation in which there is the removal of one or more contiguous nucleotides that may result in altered function or other measurable properties.	deletion mutation evidence
DNA laddering assay evidence	ECO:0001039	A type of apoptotic assay evidence resulting from the visualization via gel electrophoresis of the fragmented DNA (DNA ladder) which is the result of apoptotic DNA fragmentation.	
RNA dot blot assay evidence	ECO:0001040	A type of RNA detection assay evidence based on the direct application of a RNA mixture in a circular motion on a matrix for hybridization with labeled DNA fragments.	RNA dot blot
dominant-negative mutant phenotypic evidence	ECO:0001042	A type of mutant phenotype evidence resulting from a mutated gene producing mutant polypeptides that disrupt the activity of the wild-type genes.	dominant-negative mutant evidence
Edman degradation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001043	A type of Edman degradation evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
Edman degradation evidence	ECO:0001044	A type of protein detection assay evidence resulting from labeling a termonal amino acid residue and cleaving it from a peptide by sequentially removing one residue at a time from the amino end of the peptide, without disrupting the bonds.	
eTag assay evidence	ECO:0001045	A type of affinity evidence resulting from the quantitative analysis of gene and protein expression monitored by proprietary eTag reporters.	
filter binding assay evidence	ECO:0001046	A type of physical interaction evidence resulting from a mixture of two molecules passed through a nitrocellulose filter, where one may be immobilized on the filter, and if the immobilized molecule is capable of binding to the other, it will be retained on the filter as well.	
fluorescence in situ hybridization evidence	ECO:0001047	A type of nucleic acid localization evidence and in situ hybridization evidence resulting from the use of fluorescent probes to detect complementary sequences of nucleic acids.	
fluorescence resonance energy transfer evidence	ECO:0001048	A type of physical interaction evidence resulting from the measurement of the proximity of two fluorophores, where the energy from an excited molecular fluorophore to another fluorophore can only occur within ~10nm.	FRET
gel-filtration evidence	ECO:0001049	A type of chromatography evidence resulting from the exclusion of proteins based on molecular size by filtration through a porous matrix (swollen gel), from which larger molecules are excluded.	
histochemistry evidence	ECO:0001050	A type of histology evidence resulting from the identification of chemical components in cells and tissues.	
histology evidence	ECO:0001051	A type of imaging assay evidence resulting from the qualitative microscopic examination of cells or tissues.	
high-performance liquid chromatography evidence	ECO:0001052	A type of chromatography evidence resulting from the separation of molecules in a solute by forcing the solvent containing the sample through a column packed with nonporous particles at high pressure.	HPLC evidence
immunocytochemistry evidence	ECO:0001053	A type of protein detection assay evidence resulting from the use of antibodies linked to coloring agents to localize structures in cell cultures to identify proteins.	
immunodepletion evidence	ECO:0001054	A type of immunological assay evidence resulting from the use of antibodies to remove specific proteins from a sample.	
immunohistochemistry evidence	ECO:0001055	A type of protein detection assay evidence resulting from the use of antibodies to detect proteins in localized cells of tissue sections.	
induced mutation evidence	ECO:0001056	A type of genetic transformation evidence resulting from a mutation induced by a mutagenic compounds or irradiation.	
in vitro acetylation assay evidence	ECO:0001057	A type of acetylation assay evidence used in an in vitro experiment.	
in vitro cleavage assay evidence	ECO:0001058	A type of cleavage assay evidence used in an in vitro experiment.	
in vitro deubiquitination assay evidence	ECO:0001059	A type of deubiquitination assay evidence used in an in vitro experiment.	
in vitro deacetylation assay evidence	ECO:0001060	A type of deacetylation assay evidence used in an in vitro experiment.	
in vitro defarnesylation assay evidence	ECO:0001061	A type of defarnesylation assay evidence used in an in vitro experiment.	
in vitro demethylation assay evidence	ECO:0001062	A type of demethylation assay evidence used in an in vitro experiment.	
in vitro desumoylation assay evidence	ECO:0001063	A type of desumoylation assay evidence used in an in vitro experiment.	
in vitro farnesylation assay evidence	ECO:0001064	A type of farnesylation assay evidence used in an in vitro experiment.	
in vitro methylation assay evidence	ECO:0001065	A type of methylation assay evidence used in an in vitro experiment.	
in vitro palmitoylation assay evidence	ECO:0001066	A type of palmitoylation assay evidence used in an in vitro experiment.	
in vitro phosphatase assay evidence	ECO:0001067	A type of phosphatase assay evidence used in an in vitro experiment.	
in vitro protein kinase assay evidence	ECO:0001068	A type of protein kinase assay evidence used in an in vitro experiment.	
in vitro polyADP-ribosylation assay evidence	ECO:0001069	A type of polyADP-ribosylation assay evidence used in an in vitro experiment.	
in vitro sumoylation assay evidence	ECO:0001070	A type of sumoylation assay evidence used in an in vitro experiment.	
in vitro transcription assay evidence	ECO:0001071	A type of transcription assay evidence used in an in vitro experiment.	
in vitro translation assay evidence	ECO:0001072	A type of translation assay evidence used in an in vitro experiment.	
in vitro ubiquitination assay evidence	ECO:0001073	A type of ubiquitination assay evidenceused in an in vitro experiment.	
in vivo acetylation assay evidence	ECO:0001074	A type of acetylation assay evidence used in an in vivo experiment.	
in vivo cleavage assay evidence	ECO:0001075	A type of cleavage assay evidence used in an in vivo experiment.	
in vivo deacetylation assay evidence	ECO:0001076	A type of deacetylation assay evidence used in an in vivo experiment.	
in vivo defarnesylation assay evidence	ECO:0001077	A type of defarnesylation assay evidence used in an in vivo experiment.	
in vivo demethylation assay evidence	ECO:0001078	A type of demethylation assay evidence used in an in vivo experiment.	
in vivo deubiquitination assay evidence	ECO:0001079	A type of deubiquitination assay evidence used in an in vivo experiment.	
in vivo desumoylation assay evidence	ECO:0001080	A type of desumoylation assay evidence used in an in vivo experiment.	
in vivo farnesylation assay evidence	ECO:0001081	A type of farnesylation assay evidence used in an in vivo experiment.	
in vivo methylation assay evidence	ECO:0001082	A type of methylation assay evidence used in an in vivo experiment.	
in vivo palmitoylation assay evidence	ECO:0001083	A type of palmitoylation assay evidence used in an in vivo experiment.	
in vivo phosphatase assay evidence	ECO:0001084	A type of phosphatase assay evidence used in an in vivo experiment.	
in vivo protein kinase assay evidence	ECO:0001085	A type of protein kinase assay evidence used in an in vivo experiment.	
in vivo sumoylation assay evidence	ECO:0001086	A type of sumoylation assay evidence used in an in vivo experiment.	
in vivo transcription assay evidence	ECO:0001087	A type of transcription assay evidence used in an in vivo experiment.	
in vivo translation assay evidence	ECO:0001088	A type of translation assay evidence used in an in vivo experiment.	
in vivo ubiquitination assay evidence	ECO:0001089	A type of ubiquitination assay evidence used in an in vivo experiment.	
knockin evidence	ECO:0001090	A type of genetic transformation evidence resulting from the targetted replacement of a wild-type DNA sequence with a different sequence.	
knockout phenotypic evidence	ECO:0001091	A type of genetic transformation evidence resulting from a change in the DNA that results in the elimination of the function of the gene, allowing for functional analysis.	gene deletion evidence|gene knockout evidence|knockout evidence
lipid binding assay evidence	ECO:0001092	A type of physical interaction evidence resulting from the qualitative and quantitative analysis of the affinity with which a protein binds to a lipid.	
luminescence-based mammalian interactome mapping assay evidence	ECO:0001093	A type of physical interaction evidence resulting from the analysis of protein-protein interactions by use of a luciferase enzyme fused to a particular protein (or proteins), which are coexpressed with epitope-tagged partners in mammalian cells.	LUMIER assay
macroscopy evidence	ECO:0001094	A type of experimental evidence that is visible to the naked eye cf. microscopy evidence which requires the aid of a microscope.	
mammalian 2-hybrid assay evidence	ECO:0001095	A type of hybrid interaction evidence resulting from the analysis of proteins of interest attached to two portions of the transcriptional activator, and in interaction bring the two portions together to increase expression of the reporter gene.	
mass spectrometry evidence	ECO:0001096	A type of spectrometry evidence resulting from identifying the amount and type of material entities present in a sample by fragmenting it and measuring the mass-to-charge ratio of the resulting particles.	
medical imaging evidence	ECO:0001097	A type of imaging assay evidence resulting from the use of technology to visualize and provide information about the body to diagnose, treat, or monitor medical conditions.	
microscopy evidence	ECO:0001098	A type of direct assay evidence resulting from the use of a microscope.	
motility wound healing assay evidence	ECO:0001099	A type of cell-based assay evidence to measure cell motility in which a "wound" is created in a cell monolayer and the migration of the cells is captured by imaging at regular intervals during cell migration to close the wound.	wound healing assay evidence
MTS assay evidence	ECO:0001100	A type of apoptotic assay evidence resulting from the reduction of 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-5-(3-carboxymethoxyphenyl)-2-(4-sulfophenyl)-2H-tetrazolium (MTS) in combination with phenazine methyl sulfate (PMS) as an intermediate electron acceptor reagent to produce a soluble formazan dye in viable cells.	3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-5-(3-carboxymethoxyphenyl)-2-(4-sulfophenyl)-2H-tetrazolium
MTT assay evidence	ECO:0001101	A type of apoptotic assay evidence resulting from the reduction of 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) to its insoluble purple formazan dye in viable cells and measures cell viability / metabolic activity.	3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide
multiplex bead-based immunoassay evidence	ECO:0001102	A type of protein detection assay evidence resulting from determination of analyte concentration by fluorescent bead sets attached to an antibody (to a specific analyte) with a fluorescent reporter dye label attached to a second antibody (to a specific analyte).	
natural variation mutant evidence	ECO:0001103	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence resulting from the observation of the impact of a natural mutation on the expressed traits.	
nuclear fragmentation evidence	ECO:0001104	A type of apoptotic assay evidence resulting from the nuclei fragmenting into smaller pieces during programmed cell death.	
nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy evidence	ECO:0001105	A type of structure determination evidence resulting from the use of an MRI to provide chemical information about tissue metabolites.	NMR spectroscopy
nuclease protection assay evidence	ECO:0001106	A type of RNA detection assay evidence resulting from the detection and quantitation of specific RNAs (from a sample of total cellular RNA) that are bound by antisense RNA or DNA probes and therefore protected from nucleases.	
nucleotide analog incorporation assay evidence	ECO:0001107	A type of DNA synthesis cell proliferation assay evidence resulting from the analysis and measurement of the incorporation of fluorescently labeled nucleotide analog(s) into the DNA.	
phage display evidence	ECO:0001108	A type of protein binding evidence resulting from the panning of a phage library where the individual phage displayed a different peptide or protein by fusion to coat proteins on the capsid.	
phosphoamino acid analysis evidence	ECO:0001109	A type of direct assay evidence resulting from the identification of the phosphorylated residue in a protein by amino acid analysis.	
peptide affinity enrichment evidence	ECO:0001110	A type of affinity evidence resulting from the appending of affinity tags on proteins so that they may be purified from their biological source using an affinity technique.	phosphopeptide affinity enrichment evidence
physical examination evidence	ECO:0001111	A type of direct assay evidence resulting from the physical examination and measurement of the feature of a subject or sample.	
peptide array evidence	ECO:0001112	A type of protein binding evidence resulting from protein-bound peptides detected from a collection of peptides arranged as an array and incubated with the partner protein in order to map protein-protein interaction sites.	phosphopeptide array evidence
point mutation phenotypic evidence	ECO:0001113	A type of mutant phenotype evidence resulting from the change in a single nucleotide.	point mutation evidence
propidium iodide staining evidence	ECO:0001114	A type of staining evidence resulting from the binding and labeling of DNA (during apoptosis, when there is a loss of nuclear DNA content) with propidium iodide (PI) to identify the cells from which it originated.	
fluorescence evidence	ECO:0001115	A type of direct assay evidence resulting from the analysis of a molecule by its intrinsic fluorescence, or by attaching it with a fluorophore.	
protein dot blot assay evidence	ECO:0001116	A type of protein detection assay evidence resulting from protein samples immobilized on a membrane, then subsequently incubated and imaged.	
protein microarray evidence	ECO:0001117	A type of protein detection assay evidence resulting from proteins immobilized to prepare protein chips, or microwells, that can be utilized to determine presence of proteins, monitor differential expression profiles, and/or study protein interactions.	
protein sequencing assay evidence	ECO:0001118	A type of sequencing assay evidence resulting from determining the sequence of amino acids in a protein.	
quantitative mass spectrometry evidence	ECO:0001119	A type of mass spectrometry evidence resulting from quantitative analysis of peptides, proteins, and proteomes.	
radioisotope assay evidence	ECO:0001120	A type of direct assay evidence resulting from the assessment of biological reactions by use of a radioactive isotope to label the reactant.	radioassay|radioisotopic assay
radioimmunoassay evidence	ECO:0001121	A type of protein detection assay evidence resulting from the use of a radioligand to measure the binding of a substance to a specific antibody or other receptor system.	
resonant mirror biosensor evidence	ECO:0001123	A type of direct assay evidence from the analysis of the real-time interaction between an analyte in solution and its interactant linked to the surface of the resonant mirror.	
restriction fragment detection evidence	ECO:0001124	A type of DNA detection assay evidence resulting from homologous DNA fragments digested by restriction enzymes, and the resulting restriction fragments are sorted by length to illustrate differences.	
spectrophotometry evidence	ECO:0001126	A type of spectrometry evidence resulting from the evaluation of a molecule in a fluid by its ability to alter the transmission of light at specific wavelengths.	
surface plasmon resonance evidence	ECO:0001127	A type of physical interaction evidence based on real-time, rapid plasmon generation on the interface between a planar surface and vacuum that measures changes in refractive index close to the sensor surface when an analyte and its immobilized ligand bind to observe and characterize molecular interaction.	SPR evidence
syngeneic transplantation experiment evidence	ECO:0001128	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence resulting from a transplantation in which the transplanted material (stem cells) is from an individual's identical twin.	
TACE activity assay evidence	ECO:0001129	A type of enzymatic activity assay evidence resulting from the analysis of tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-a converting enzyme (TACE), which releases a soluble TNF-a from the membrane-bound precursor protein.	Tumor necrosis factor - alpha converting enzyme activity assay
tissue microarray evidence	ECO:0001130	A type of cytochemistry evidence resulting from the analysis of section(s) of a paraffin block containing embedded tissues cores arranged in an array pattern.	
transgenic organism evidence	ECO:0001131	A type of genetic transformation evidence resulting from an organism that has had its expressed phenotype altered by modification.	
tryptic phosphopeptide mapping assay evidence	ECO:0001132	A type of mass spectrometry evidence resulting from the analysis of prepared phosphopeptides separated in two dimensions on a TLC plate.	
terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase dUTP nick end labeling assay evidence	ECO:0001133	A type of apoptotic assay evidence resulting from the visualization of DNA fragmentation by detection of exposed 3'-OH ends, localized by terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase (TdT) which then catalyzes the addition of labeled dUTPs.	TdT-mediated dUTP-biotin nick end labeling assay|terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase-dUTP nick end labeling assay evidence|TUNEL assay evidence
urine test evidence	ECO:0001134	A type of direct assay evidence resulting from the analysis of a urine sample.	
WST-1 assay evidence	ECO:0001136	A type of cell proliferation assay evidence resulting from the assessment of metabolic activity from a water-soluble tetrazolium salt WST-1 being reduced outside the cell (by reacting with mitochondrial succinate-tetrazolium reductase) to form a formazan dye.	metabolic cell proliferation assay evidence
xenotransplantation phenotypic evidence	ECO:0001137	A type of anatomical perturbation phenotypic evidence resulting from the transplantation, implantation, or infusion of live cells, tissues, or organs between individuals of different species.	tissue grafting|Xenograft transplantation|Xenografting|Xenotransplantation|xenotransplantation experiment evidence
3D cell culture evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001138	A type of 3D cell culture evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
51Cr release assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001139	A type of 51Cr release assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
7-aminoactinomycin staining evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001140	A type of 7-aminoactinomycin staining evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	7-AAD staining evidence|7-amino-actinomycin D staining evidence
[3H]-thymidine incorporation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001141	A type of [3H]-thymidine incorporation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
[3H]arachidonic acid release assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001142	A type of [3H]arachidonic acid release assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
adhesion assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001143	A type of adhesion assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
adoptive cell transfer evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001144	A type of adoptive cell transfer evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	Adoptive immunotherapy|passive immunization
alamarBlue assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001145	A type of alamarBlue assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
allograft transplantation phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001146	A type of allograft transplantation phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	allograft transplantation evidence used in manual assertion|allografting|Allotransplantation|tissue grafting
anion-exchange chromatography evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001147	A type of anion-exchange chromatography evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
annexin-V staining evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001148	A type of annexin-V staining evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cognitive assay phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001149	A type of cognitive assay phenotypic evidence used that is used in a manual assertion.	behavioral assay evidence used in manual assertion
blocking monoclonal antibody evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001150	A type of blocking monoclonal antibody evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
blocking peptide evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001151	A type of blocking peptide evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
blocking polyclonal antibody evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001152	A type of blocking polyclonal antibody evidence tthat is used in a manual assertion.	
blood test evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001153	A type of blood test evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
Boyden chamber assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001154	A type of Boyden chamber assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
bromodeoxyuridine incorporation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001155	A type of bromodeoxyuridine incorporation assay evidence used in manual assertion.	5-bromo-2'-deoxyuridine incorporation assay evidence|BrdU incorporation assay evidence|BrdUrd incorporation assay evidence|BUdR incorporation assay evidence
caspase assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001156	A type of caspase assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cell counting evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001157	A type of cell counting evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cell permeability assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001158	A type of cell permeability assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
carboxyfluorescein diacetate succinimidyl ester staining evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001159	A type of carboxyfluorescein diacetate succinimidyl ester staining evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	CFDA-SE staining evidence|CFSE-staining evidence
chemiluminescence-linked immunoassay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001160	A type of chemiluminescence-linked immunoassay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	CLIA evidence
chimeric protein phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001161	A type of chimeric protein phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	chimeric protein evidence used in manual assertion
co-electrophoresis evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001162	A type of co-electrophoresis evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
co-localization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001163	A type of co-localization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
co-sedimentation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001164	A type of co-sedimentation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
colony counting evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001165	A type of colony counting evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
comet assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001166	A type of comet assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
conditional knockin evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001167	A type of conditional knockin evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
conditional knockout evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001168	A type of conditional knockout evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
constitutively active mutant evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001169	A type of constitutively active mutant evidence that is used a in manual assertion.	
cross-linking evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001170	A type of cross-linking evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
crystallography evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001171	A type of crystallography evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cytochemistry evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001172	A type of cytochemistry evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cytochrome C release assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001173	A type of cytochrome C release assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
	ECO:0001174	A type of 4',6-diamidino-2-phenylindole staining evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	DAPI staining evidence
deletion mutation phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001175	A type of deletion mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	deletion mutation evidence used in manual assertion
DNA laddering assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001176	A type of DNA laddering assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
RNA dot blot assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001177	A type of RNA dot blot assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	RNA dot blot evidence
dominant-negative mutant phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001179	A type of dominant-negative mutant phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	dominant-negative mutant evidence used in manual assertion
eTag assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001180	A type of eTag assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
filter binding assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001181	A type of filter binding assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
fluorescence in situ hybridization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001182	A type of fluorescence in situ hybridization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
fluorescence resonance energy transfer evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001183	A type of fluorescence resonance energy transfer evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	FRET evidence
gel-filtration evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001184	A type of gel-filtration evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
histochemistry evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001185	A type of histochemistry evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
immunocytochemistry evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001186	A type of immunocytochemistry evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
histology evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001187	A type of histology evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
immunodepletion evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001188	A type of immunodepletion evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
immunohistochemistry evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001189	A type of immunohistochemistry evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro acetylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001190	A type of in vitro acetylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro cleavage assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001191	A type of in vitro cleavage assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro deacetylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001192	A type of in vitro deacetylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro defarnesylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001193	A type of in vitro defarnesylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro demethylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001194	A type of in vitro demethylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro desumoylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001195	A type of in vitro desumoylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro deubiquitination assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001196	A type of in vitro deubiquitination assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro farnesylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001197	A type of in vitro farnesylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro methylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001198	A type of in vitro methylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro palmitoylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001199	A type of in vitro palmitoylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro phosphatase assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001200	A type of in vitro phosphatase assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro polyADP-ribosylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001201	A type of in vitro polyADP-ribosylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro protein kinase assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001202	A type of in vitro protein kinase assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro sumoylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001203	A type of in vitro sumoylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro transcription assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001204	A type of in vitro transcription assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro translation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001205	A type of in vitro translation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro ubiquitination assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001206	A type of in vitro ubiquitination assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vivo acetylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001207	A type of in vivo acetylation assay evidence that is used in manual assertion.	
in vivo cleavage assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001208	A type of in vivo cleavage assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vivo deacetylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001209	A type of in vivo deacetylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vivo defarnesylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001210	A type of in vivo defarnesylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vivo demethylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001211	A type of in vivo demethylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vivo desumoylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001212	A type of in vivo desumoylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vivo deubiquitination assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001213	A type of in vivo deubiquitination assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vivo farnesylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001214	A type of in vivo farnesylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vivo methylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001215	A type of in vivo methylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vivo palmitoylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001216	A type of in vivo palmitoylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vivo phosphatase assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001217	A type of in vivo phosphatase assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vivo protein kinase assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001218	A type of in vivo protein kinase assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vivo sumoylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001219	A type of in vivo sumoylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vivo transcription assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001220	A type of in vivo transcription assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vivo translation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001221	A type of in vivo translation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vivo ubiquitination assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001222	A type of in vivo ubiquitination assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
induced mutation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001223	A type of induced mutation evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
knockin evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001224	A type of knockin evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
knockout evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001225	A type of knockout evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
lipid binding assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001226	A type of lipid binding assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
luminescence-based mammalian interactome mapping assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001227	A type of LUMIER assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	LUMIER assay evidence
macroscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001228	A type of macroscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
mammalian 2-hybrid assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001229	A type of mammalian 2-hybrid assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
mass spectrometry evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001230	A type of mass spectrometry evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
medical imaging evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001231	A type of medical imaging evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001232	A type of microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
motility wound healing assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001233	A type of motility wound healing assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	wound healing assay evidence used in manual assertion
MTS assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001234	A type of MTS assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-5-(3-carboxymethoxyphenyl)-2-(4-sulfophenyl)-2H-tetrazolium
MTT assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001235	A type of MTT assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide
multiplex bead-based immunoassay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001236	A type of multiplex bead-based immunoassay evidence that is  used in a manual assertion.	
natural variation mutant evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001237	A type of natural variation mutant evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001238	A type of nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	NMR spectroscopy evidence
nuclear fragmentation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001239	A type of nuclear fragmentation evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
nuclease protection assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001240	A type of nuclease protection assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
nucleotide analog incorporation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001241	A type of nucleotide analog incorporation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
phage display evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001242	A type of phage display evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
phosphoamino acid analysis evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001243	A type of phosphoamino acid analysis evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
peptide affinity enrichment evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001244	A type of peptide affinity enrichment evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	phosphopeptide affinity enrichment evidence
peptide array evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001245	A type of peptide array evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	phosphopeptide array evidence
physical examination evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001246	A type of physical examination evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
point mutation phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001247	A type of point mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	point mutation evidence used in manual assertion
propidium iodide staining evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001248	A type of propidium iodide staining evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
fluorescence evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001249	A type of protein detection by fluorescence evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
protein dot blot assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001250	A type of protein dot blot assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
protein microarray evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001251	A type of protein microarray evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
protein sequencing assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001252	A type of protein sequencing assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
quantitative mass spectrometry evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001253	A type of quantitative mass spectrometry evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
radioisotope assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001254	A type of radioisotope assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	radioassay evidence|radioisotopic assay evidence
radioimmunoassay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001255	A type of radioimmunoassay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
imaging assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001256	A type of imaging assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	radiologic test evidence
restriction fragment detection evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001257	A type of restriction fragment detection evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
spectrophotometry evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001258	A type of spectrophotometry evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
syngeneic transplantation experiment evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001259	A type of syngeneic transplantation experiment evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
xenotransplantation phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001260	A type of xenotransplantation phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	tissue grafting|xenograft transplantation evidence|xenografting evidence|xenotransplantation evidence|xenotransplantation experiment evidence used in manual assertion
WST-1 assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001261	A type of WST-1 assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	metabolic cell proliferation assay evidence
urine test evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001263	A type of urine test evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase dUTP nick end labeling assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001264	A type of terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase dUTP nick end labeling assay evidence assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	TdT-mediated dUTP-biotin nick end labeling assay evidence|terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase-dUTP nick end labeling assay evidence|TUNEL assay evidence
tryptic phosphopeptide mapping assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001265	A type of tryptic phosphopeptide mapping assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
transgenic organism evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001266	A type of transgenic organism evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
tissue microarray evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001267	A type of tissue microarray evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
TACE activity assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001268	A type of TACE activity assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	Tumor necrosis factor - alpha converting enzyme activity assay evidence
surface plasmon resonance evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001269	A type of surface plasmon resonance evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	SPR evidence
restriction landmark genomic scanning evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001270	A type of restriction landmark genome scanning evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	restriction landmark genome scanning evidence|RLGS evidence
resonant mirror biosensor evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001271	A type of resonant mirror biosensor evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
high-performance liquid chromatography evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001272	A type of high-performance liquid chromatography evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	HPLC evidence
ectopic expression evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001273	A type of ectopic expression evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	analysis of overexpression/ectopic expression phenotype
small molecule detection assay evidence	ECO:0001522	A type of molecule detection assay evidence resulting from the detection and quantification of a small molecule (a low molecular weight (typically < 900 daltons) organic compound), such as lipids, sugars, animo acids, drugs, etc.	metabolite detection assay evidence
localization evidence	ECO:0001533	A type of direct assay evidence in which the sub-cellular location of a protein or nucleic acid sequence is determined.	
nucleic acid localization evidence	ECO:0001534	A type of localization evidence based on localization of a specific segment of DNA or RNA within tissue by the application of a complementary strand of nucleic acid to which a reporter molecule (i.e. either radio-, fluorescent- or antigen-labeled probe) is attached and quantified using either autoradiography, fluorescence microscopy, or immunohistochemistry.	
acetylation assay evidence	ECO:0001546	A type of direct assay evidence where acetylated residues are detected in a protein.	
cleavage assay evidence	ECO:0001547	A type of direct assay evidence where the cleavage of a protein into protein fragments by a protease is detected.	
deacetylation assay evidence	ECO:0001548	A type of direct assay evidence where the removal of acetyl groups are detected in a protein.	
defarnesylation assay evidence	ECO:0001549	A type of direct assay evidence where the removal of farnesyl groups from a protein is detected.	
demethylation assay evidence	ECO:0001550	A type of direct assay evidence where the removal of methyl groups from a substrate (RNA/DNA or protein) is detected.	
desumoylation assay evidence	ECO:0001551	A type of direct assay evidence where the removal of sumo groups from a protein is detected.	
deubiquitination assay evidence	ECO:0001552	A type of direct assay evidence where the removal of ubiquitin groups from a protein is detected.	
farnesylation assay evidence	ECO:0001553	A type of direct assay evidence where farnesylated residues in proteins are detected.	
methylation assay evidence	ECO:0001554	A type of direct assay evidence where methylated residues of a substarte (RNA/DNA or protein) are detected.	
palmitoylation assay evidence	ECO:0001555	A type of direct assay evidence where palmitoylated residues in a protein are detected.	
phosphatase assay evidence	ECO:0001556	A type of direct assay evidence where the removal of phosphatase groups from a protein is detected.	
polyADP-ribosylation assay evidence	ECO:0001557	A type of direct assay evidence where ADP-ribosylated residues in proteins are detected.	
protein kinase assay evidence	ECO:0001558	A type of enzymatic activity assay evidence that measures transfer of a phosphate to a peptide or protein substrate by a protein kinase.	
sumoylation assay evidence	ECO:0001559	A type of direct assay evidence where sumoylated residues on a protein are detected.	
single-cell RNA-sequencing evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:000156	A type of single cell RNA-sequencing evidence that is used in automatic assertion.	
single-cell RNA-sequencing evidence	ECO:0001560	A type of RNA-sequencing evidence that uses a single cell as the source of the RNA.	scRNA-seq evidence
translation assay evidence	ECO:0001561	A type of direct assay evidence where de novo protein synthesis is detected.	
ubiquitination assay evidence	ECO:0001562	A type of direct assay evidence where ubiquitinated residues on a protein are detected.	
cell growth assay evidence	ECO:0001563	A type of direct assay evidence where biological cell development, i.e. an increase in cell mass and size are measured.	
cell-based assay evidence	ECO:0001565	A type of direct assay evidence resulting from the study of cells.	
quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction evidence	ECO:0001566	A type of reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction evidence that combines reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction and real time polymerase chain reaction to quantitatively assay for the detection of RNA levels.	qRT-PCR evidence|quantitative real-time RT-PCR evidence|quantitative RT-PCR evidence|real-time qRT-PCR evidence|real-time quantitative reverse transcription PCR evidence|real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction evidence|real-time RT-PCR evidence|RRT-PCR evidence|rRT-PCR evidence|RT-qPCR evidence
quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001567	A type of quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction evidence used in manual assertion.	
quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction evidence used in automatic assertion.	ECO:0001568	A type of quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction evidence used in automatic assertion.	
colony diameter phenotype evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:000157	A type of colony diameter phenotype evidence that is used in manual assertion.	
single-cell RNA-sequencing evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001570	A type of single cell RNA-sequencing evidence that is used in manual assertion.	
colony diameter phenotype evidence	ECO:0001571	A type of colony size phenotypic evidence resulting from measurement of a microbial colony's diameter.	
colony diameter phenotype evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0001572	A type of colony diameter phenotype evidence that is used in automatic assertion	
membrane fusion assay evidence	ECO:0001574	A type of direct assay evidence in which a broad variety of physiological processes are measured when two separate membranes merge into a single contiguous membrane.	
membrane fusion assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0001575	A type of membrane fusion assay evidence that is used in automatic assertion.	
membrane fusion assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001576	A type of membrane fusion assay evidence that is used in manual assertion.	
spheroplast fusion assay evidence	ECO:0001577	A type of membrane fusion assay evidence based on the fusion of spheroplasts.	
spheroplast fusion assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0001578	A type of spheroplast fusion assay evidence used in automatic assertion.	
spheroplast fusion assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001579	A type of spheroplast fusion assay evidence that is used in manual assertion.	
liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry evidence	ECO:0001580	A type of mass spectrometry evidence where liquid chromatography is used to separate particles in solution, followed by fragmentation and measurement of the mass-to-charge ratio of the resulting particles to identify the amount and type of material entities present in a sample.	
liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0001581	A type of liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001582	A type of liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
small interfering RNA knockdown evidence	ECO:0001583	A type of anti-sense experiment evidence where gene expression is disrupted through the introduction of double-stranded RNA molecules, 20-25 base pairs in length, which operate within the RNA interference pathway.	short interfering RNA|silencing RNA|siRNA
small interfering RNA knockdown evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0001584	A type of small interfering RNA knockdown evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
small interfering RNA knockdown evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001585	A type of small interfering RNA knockdown evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
ion trap mass spectrometry evidence	ECO:0001586	A type of mass spectrometry evidence where a combination of magnetic and/or electric fields are utilized to capture charged particles in tandem with mass spectrometry.	
ion trap mass spectrometry evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0001587	A type of ion trap mass spectrometry evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
ion trap mass spectrometry evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001588	A type of ion trap mass spectrometry evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
atomic force microscopy evidence	ECO:0001589	A type of microscopy evidence where a mechanical probe is applied to a sample (i.e. a type of scanning probe microscopy) which can result in production of an image (with resolution in the order of fractions of a nanometer), force measurement, or sample manipulation.	AFM|scanning force microscopy|SFM
atomic force microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0001590	A type of atomic force microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
atomic force microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001591	A type of atomic force microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
polysome profiling evidence	ECO:0001592	A type of experimental evidence employed to study the associations between multiple ribosomes and mRNA that utilizes density gradient centrifugation to separate out the lysate of cells of interest with the objective of isolating polysomes/polyribosomes which are complexes of an mRNA molecule and two or more ribosomes that act to translate mRNA.  The optical density of the fractions is then determined.	
polysome profiling evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0001593	A type of polysome profiling evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
polysome profiling evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001594	A type of polysome profiling evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
multilocus sequence typing evidence	ECO:0001598	A type of nucleotide sequencing assay evidence in which DNA sequence variations within a specific set of genes (typically housekeeping genes) are used to characterizes strains by their unique allelic profiles.	MLST
multilocus sequence typing evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0001599	A type of multilocus sequence typing evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
multilocus sequence typing evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001600	A type of multilocus sequence typing evidence that is used in a manual assertion	
protein-binding microarray evidence	ECO:0001601	A type of protein-binding evidence that detects binding of a tagged protein to an array of oligonucleotide probes representing potential binding sites.	PBM evidence
cell staining evidence	ECO:0001603	A type of cell-based assay evidence in which living cells are stained with a vital stain, i.e. dye that can be used on living cells without causing cell death.	vital staining evidence
alkaline phosphatase reporter gene assay evidence	ECO:0001801	A type of reporter gene assay evidence based on the fusion of selected genes with the phoA gene to express alkaline phosphatase in periplasmic space for protein tracing.	SEAP reporter assay|Secreted Embryonic Alkaline Phosphatase reporter assay
beta-galactosidase reporter gene assay evidence	ECO:0001802	A type of reporter gene assay evidence based on the fusion of the lacZ gene to a specific promoter for the expression of beta-galactosidase which will appear blue when grown on a X-gal medium.	beta-gal reporter gene assay|beta-galactosidase assay evidence|lacZ reporter gene assay|LacZ transcript localization evidence
chloramphenicol acetyltransferase reporter gene assay evidence	ECO:0001803	A type of reporter gene assay evidence based on the fusion of the CAT gene to a specific promoter for the expression of chloramphenicol acetyltransferase which confers resistance to the chloramphenicol antibiotic.	CAT reporter gene assay
beta-glucuronidase reporter gene assay evidence	ECO:0001804	A type of reporter gene assay evidence where the beta-glucuronidase enzyme from Escherichia coli is used as the reporter to transform non-fluorescent substrates into fluorescents for detection.	GUS reporter gene assay
luciferase reporter gene assay evidence	ECO:0001805	A type of reporter gene assay evidence where luciferase, an oxidative enzyme, is used as the reporter to detect a gene product with bioluminescence.	
chromatin immunoprecipitation- exonuclease evidence	ECO:0001806	A type of chromatin immunoprecipitation evidence that uses gama-exonuclease to digest TF-unbound DNA after ChIP for the identification of transcription factor binding site locations with high-resolution data.	ChIP-exo
electrophoretic mobility shift assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001807	A type of electrophoretic mobility shift that is used in a manual assertion.	electrophoretic mobility shift assay|EMSA evidence|gel retardation assay
reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001808	A type of reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
DNA affinity chromatography evidence	ECO:0001809	A type of chromatography evidence where immobilized promoter DNA is labeled and bound to a matrix through which a protein mixture is poured and then eluted to purify specific DNA binding proteins.	DNA affinity purification
DNAse footprinting evidence	ECO:0001810	A type of nucleic acid binding evidence where proteins that have been bound to DNA protect a binding site from enzymatic cleavage with DNAse, thereby detecting protein-DNA interactions.	DNase protection
fluorescence anisotropy evidence	ECO:0001811	A type of fluorescence evidence based on rapid and quantitative analysis of diverse molecular interactions, enzyme activities, and nucleic acid hybridization which uses a fluorophore to measure the binding constants and kinetics of reactions that cause a change in the rotational time of the molecules.	FA|Fluorescence polarization|FP
genomic systematic evolution of ligands by exponential amplification evidence	ECO:0001812	A type of systematic evolution of ligands by exponential amplification evidence based on a restricted genomic DNA library to identify naturally occurring genomic aptamers and RNA-protein interaction networks with RNA-binding protein as bait and high-throughput sequencing.	genomic SELEX
heteronuclear single quantum coherence spectroscopy evidence	ECO:0001813	A type of nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy evidence based on two-dimensional NMR for elucidation of the chemical structure of an isolated or synthesized chemical compound where the characteristic transfer magnetization of a proton to a nitrogen or carbon isotope is monitored by NMR, generating a specific peak in the spectrum.	HSQC
methidiumpropyl-ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid iron (II) footprinting evidence	ECO:0001814	A type of nucleic acid binding evidence where the synthetic molecule methidiumpropyl-EDTA (MPE) is used to cleave ligand-protected DNA, followed by analysis of the restriction fragments to generate a footprint (i.e. size and location) of small molecule binding sites on the DNA.	Methidiumpropyl-EDTA Fe(II) footprinting|MPE Fe(II) footprinting|MPE-EDTA Fe(II) footprinting
copper-phenanthroline footprinting evidence	ECO:0001815	A type of nucleic acid binding evidence where nucleic acid that has been bound to protein is cleaved with 1,10-phenanthroline-copper complex resulting in a high-resolution footprint of sequence-specific protein-DNA contacts.	1,10-Phenanthroline-copper footprinting|OP-Cu Complex
green fluorescent protein reporter gene assay evidence	ECO:0001816	A type of reporter gene assay evidence based on the fusion of select genes with the green fluorescent protein (GFP) gene for detection with bioluminescence of the gene product when exposed to blue ultraviolet light.	GFP promoter fusion|GFP reporter gene assay|green fluorescent protein promoter fusion|green fluorescent protein transcript localization evidence
glutathione S-transferase pull-down assay evidence	ECO:0001817	A type of protein binding evidence where a gene is fused with the GST gene and the resulting recombinant bait protein is captured on an immobilized Glutathione affinity ligand and incubated with prey protein to identify and characterize protein-protein interactions.	GST pull-down assay
hydroxyl-radical footprinting evidence	ECO:0001818	A type of nucleic acid binding evidence used to identify protein-binding sites on the DNA molecule where DNA that has been bound to protein is digested with hydroxyl radical produced by reduction of hydrogen peroxide with iron (II), followed by separating the cleavage products on a denaturing electrophoresis gel.	
primer extension assay evidence	ECO:0001819	A type of transcript expression evidence used to determine expression\nlevels of mRNA where a labeled synthetic oligonucleotide primer is annealed to mRNA downstream of the presumed transcription start site of a gene. The mRNA is extended with reverse transcriptase, producing cDNA which is electrophoresed, and the band size is enables determination of the 5' end of the mRNA (i.e. the transcription start site).	
rapid amplification of cDNA ends polymerase chain reaction evidence	ECO:0001820	A type of nucleotide sequencing assay evidence in which RT-PCR (cDNA synthesis) is first used to produce a cDNA copy of a region of the RNA transcript being investigated followed by PCR to capture either the unknown 5' or 3' end of the transcript for sequencing, depending on whether 5' RACE-PCR or 3' RACE-PCR are being undertaken.	3 RACE-PCR|5 RACE-PCR|RACE PCR
RNA sequencing assay evidence	ECO:0001821		
survival rate analysis evidence	ECO:0001822	A type of knockout evidence based on the survival of an organism in a particular environment where a gene for an enzyme or regulator is knocked out and results are used as a natural reporter.	
x-ray crystallography evidence	ECO:0001823	A type of crystallography evidence where a purified sample at high concentration is crystallised and the crystals are exposed to an x ray beam to obtain three dimensional molecular structure of proteins and biological macromolecules.	
DNA adenine methyltransferase identification evidence	ECO:0001824	A type of affinity evidence used to identify DNA binding sites in eukaryotes where Escherichia coli DNA adenine methyltransferase (Dam) is fused to a transcription factor, co-factor, chromatin-associated protein, or nuclear-associated protein, followed by a methyl-dependent PCR to localize methyltransferase in the region of the binding site.	DamID
isothermal titration calorimetry evidence	ECO:0001825	A type of affinity evidence where the absorbed or released heat of a biomolecular binding event is directly measured in a reference cell and sample cell after the addition of a ligand using a microcalorimeter for a complete thermodynamic profile of the molecular interaction.	ITC
ultraviolet light footprinting evidence	ECO:0001826	A type of nucleic acid binding evidence where DNA is non-specifically fragmented with ultraviolet light while protein-bound regions are protected from UV damage and strand breakage patterns are analyzed by PAGE and sequenced to detect protein-DNA contacts.	ultraviolet footprinting|UV footprinting
methylation interference footprinting evidence	ECO:0001827	A type of nucleic acid binding evidence used to identify protein binding sites on the DNA molecule where multiple copies of a DNA fragment containing a putative TF-binding site are randomly methylated with dimethyl sulfate (DMS) and cleaved at the methyl group, followed by separating the cleavage products on a denaturing electrophoresis gel.	methylation interference footprinting evidence
inference of sequence features from visual inspection used in manual assertion	ECO:0001828	A type of inference of sequence features from visual inspection that is used in a manual assertion.	visual sequence inspection evidence
ferric uptake regulator titration assay evidence	ECO:0001829	A type of reporter gene assay evidence used to locate and isolate Fur sites where a plasmid library is created and cloned into a cell line with a ferric uptake regulator (Fur)-repressed reporter and the Fur protein is titrated away from its binding site on the reporter, after which the cell is isolated and plasmid extracted for further sequence analysis.	Fluorescence polarization|FURTA
host colonization assay evidence	ECO:0001830	A type of experimental evidence in which the colonization or adhesion capacity is measured.	adhesion assay evidence
host colonization assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0001831	A type of host colonization assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
host colonization assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001832	A type of host colonization assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
infection assay evidence	ECO:0001833	A type of host colonization assay evidence in which the infection capacity is measured by assessing changes in the host.	
infection assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0001834	A type of infection assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
infection assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001835	A type of infection assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in situ hybridization evidence	ECO:0001836	A type of expression pattern evidence in which single-stranded DNA or RNA (probe) are annealed to complementary DNA or RNA in a portion or section of tissue.	
in situ hybridization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0001837	A type of in situ hybridization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in situ hybridization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001838	A type of in situ hybridization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
colorimetric in situ hybridization evidence	ECO:0001839	A type of nucleic acid localization evidence and in situ hybridization evidence resulting from the use of colorimetric probes to detect complementary sequences of nucleic acids.	
colorimetric in situ hybridization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0001840	A type of colorimetric in situ hybridization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
colorimetric in situ hybridization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001841	A type of colorimetric in situ hybridization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
random mutagenesis of specific target DNA evidence	ECO:0001842	A type of random mutagenesis phenotypic evidence resulting from the random mutation of a specifically targeted region of DNA.	
random mutagenesis of specific target DNA evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0001843	A type of random mutagenesis of specific target DNA evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
random mutagenesis of specific target DNA evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001844	A type of random mutagenesis of specific target DNA evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cell population optical density evidence	ECO:0001845	A type of cell-based assay evidence in which optical density is used to measure some aspect of a population of cells. Examples of aspects that can affect optical density measurements include, but are not limited to, cell number and cell shape.	
cell population optical density evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0001846	A type of cell population optical density evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cell population optical density evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0001847	A type of cell population optical density evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cell viability assay evidence	ECO:0005004	A type of cell-based assay evidence resulting from analyzing the ability of cells to survive or live successfully.	
cell proliferation assay evidence	ECO:0005007	A type of cell-based assay evidence resulting from the measurement of the number of cells, which is a reflection of the balance between cell division and cell loss through cell differentiation or cell death.	
DNA synthesis cell proliferation assay evidence	ECO:0005008	A type of cell proliferation assay evidence resulting from the measure of DNA synthesis in the presece of a label.	
ATP bioluminescence assay evidence	ECO:0005011	A type of cell viability assay evidence resulting from the analysis of ATP concentration (by measuring light intensity) when luciferase catalyzes the oxidation of luciferin in the presence of ATP, magnesium ions and molecular oxygen.	
cytotoxicity assay evidence	ECO:0005012	A type of  cell-based assay evidence resulting from the ability of an agent to induce cellular necrosis or apoptosis and the subsequent analysis of cell death mechanism.	
in vitro cell based assay evidence	ECO:0005014		
staining evidence	ECO:0005019	A type of direct assay evidence resulting from the use of stains or dyes to aid in analysis of a microscopic image.	
chemotaxis assay evidence	ECO:0005021	A type of cell-based assay evidence resulting from the evaluation of chemotactic ability (i.e. the movement, or lack of movement, in response to a chemical stimulus) of prokaryotic or eukaryotic cells.	
genetic transformation evidence	ECO:0005027	A type of mutant phenotype evidence resulting from the conversion of one genotype into another by the introduction of exogenous DNA.	
structure determination evidence	ECO:0005031	A type of experimental evidence resulting from the visualization and examination of chemical and/or molecular structures.	
electron microscopy evidence	ECO:0005033	A type of microscopy evidence and structure determination evidence resulting from an electron beam utilized to create an image.	
apoptotic assay evidence	ECO:0005034	A type of cell-based assay evidence resulting from the occurrence, visualization, and/or analysis of apoptosis.	
in vivo polyADP-ribosylation assay evidence	ECO:0005500	A type of polyADP-ribosylation assay evidence used in an in vivo experiment.	
in vivo polyADP-ribosylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005501	A type of in vivo polyADP-ribosylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
ex vivo assay evidence	ECO:0005502	A type of direct assay evidence derived by studying an organ, tissues, or cells taken from an organism and studied in an external environment with the minimum alteration of natural conditions.	
two-dimensional polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis evidence	ECO:0005503	A type of gel electrophoresis evidence that involves one dimension electrophoresis where biomolecules are electrophoresed on a low percentage polyacrylamide gel  to be separated in proportion to their mass or isoelectric point, followed by high voltage electrophoresis on a higher percentage gel in the presence of ethidium bromide to alter non-linear molecular shape.	2D PAGE|2D-PAGE
spectrometry evidence	ECO:0005504	A type of experimental evidence resulting from the use of a spectrometer.	
regular expression motif search evidence	ECO:0005505	A type of motif similarity evidence where the motif, a local alignment of sequences, is represented by a regular expression, which captures the variability of nucleotides at each position in a discrete form and can then be used to search genetic sequences by identifying matches to the regular expression.	
missense mutation phenotypic evidence	ECO:0005506	A type of point mutation phenotypic evidence resulting from a change in a base (or bases) causing the substitution of one amino acid for another.	missense mutation evidence
nonsense mutation phenotypic evidence	ECO:0005507	A type of point mutation phenotypic evidence resulting in an incomplete and usually nonfunctional protein product because of a premature stop codon.	nonsense mutation evidence
silent mutation evidence	ECO:0005508	A type of point mutation phenotypic evidence resulting from the change of a DNA nucleotide that does not cause any changes in the amino acid sequence.	
insertion mutation phenotypic evidence	ECO:0005509	A type of mutant phenotype evidence resulting from a mutation in which there is an insertion of one or more contiguous nucleotides.	insertion mutation evidence
duplication mutation evidence	ECO:0005511	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence resulting from a mutation in which inserted nucleotide(s) have a sequence identical to, or derived from, adjacent nucleotides.	
frameshift mutation phenotypic evidence	ECO:0005512	A type of mutant phenotype evidence resulting from any mutation that causes an insertion or deletion of nucleotides in a DNA sequence that is not divisible by three and therefore changes the codon reading frame and the translated amino acids.	frameshift mutation evidence
repeat expansion mutation phenotypic evidence	ECO:0005513	A type of mutant phenotype evidence resulting from a mutation that increases the number of times that a DNA sequence is repeated.	repeat expansion mutation evidence
splice site mutation phenotypic evidence	ECO:0005514	A type of mutant phenotype evidence resulting from a mutation in which there is a change in nucleotides at a splice site.	splice site mutation evidence
translocation mutation phenotypic evidence	ECO:0005515	A type of mutant phenotype evidence resulting from a mutation in which a region of a chromosome is transferred to a nonhomologous chromosome.	translocation mutation evidence
molecule detection assay evidence	ECO:0005516	A type of experimental evidence resulting from the detection and analysis of molecular markers.	
protein detection assay evidence	ECO:0005517	A type of molecule detection assay evidence resulting from the detection and quantification of a protein, or multiple proteins.	
RNA detection assay evidence	ECO:0005518	A type of molecule detection assay evidence resulting from the detection of specific RNAs.	
DNA detection assay evidence	ECO:0005519	A type of molecule detection assay evidence resulting from the detection and visualization of a sequence of DNA.	
interferometric reflectance imaging sensor evidence	ECO:0005520	A type of molecule detection assay evidence based on changes in surface-reflected light due to ligand binding on the surface of a semi-transparent substrate to detect proteins, DNA, and other biological material in a multiplexed, high-throughput microarray format without labels.	IRIS|Spectral Reflectance Imaging Biosensor|SRIB
S1 nuclease protection assay evidence	ECO:0005521	A type of nuclease protection assay evidence where RNA is hybridized with complementary DNA probes and exposed to S1 nuclease for unbound RNA degradation after which the intact RNA is run on a gel for probe size determination and RNA identification to detect and map specific RNAs in a complex mixture of total cellular RNA.	
DNA dot blot assay evidence	ECO:0005522	A type of DNA detection assay evidence resulting from evaluation of the relative abundance of target sequences hybridizing to DNA samples that are immobilized on a nitrocellulose or nylon membrane.	
DNA dot blot assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005523	A type of DNA dot blot assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry evidence	ECO:0005526	A type of protein detection assay evidence where soft ionization is used for the analysis of biomolecules for mass determination in a three step process of plate preparation, radiation, and ionization with high throughput technology.	MALDI-TOF Mass Spectrometry|MALDI-TOF-MS
matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005527	A type of matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry evidence that is  used in a manual assertion.	MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry evidence|MALDI-TOF-MS evidence
site-directed mutagenesis phenotypic evidence	ECO:0005528	A type of mutant phenotype phenotype evidence based on target-specified mutagenesis for the characterization of various gene and protein interactions, structures, and functions where oligonucleotide primers are used to alter a nucleotide sequence.	site directed mutagenesis|site-directed mutagenesis evidence
random mutagenesis phenotypic evidence	ECO:0005529	A type of mutant phenotype evidence where a mutagenic product or process is used to alter the nucleotide sequence and thus induce genetic mutation.  Examples include, but are not limited to mutagenic compounds, irradiation, PCR w/ degenerate primers, etc.	random mutagenesis evidence
random mutagenesis evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005530	A type of random mutagenesis phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
motif discovery evidence	ECO:0005531	A type of multiple sequence alignment evidence based on a set of algorithms that infer over-represented motifs from a set of biological sequences returning one or more local multiple sequence alignment defining the inferred motifs.	
consensus search evidence	ECO:0005532	A type of motif similarity evidence where the motif is represented by a consensus sequence which incorporates the most frequent nucleotide at each position acting as a generic representative for the sequences in the alignment, and is compared to the genetic sequence  for a perfect or imperfect match.	
phylogenetic footprinting evidence	ECO:0005533	A type of motif discovery evidence based on a set of algorithms that infer motifs in non-coding DNA sequences from the conservation of functional regulatory sites through evolution at a higher rate than their local surroundings for the identification of an evolutionary 'footprint'.	
comparative genomics motif search evidence	ECO:0005534	A type of motif similarity evidence based on comparative genomics which uses a search method to scan a set of genomes for instances of a specific motif, and then applies a comparative criterion to analyze the collective strength of these predictions, based on the assumption that functional instances of the motif will be preserved by natural selection and their prediction will therefore be consistent across genomes.	
machine learning prediction of motif instance evidence	ECO:0005535	A type of match to sequence model evidence which captures the application of a broad suite of supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms trained on known motif instances and applied to the prediction of novel putative instances of a motif in a set of biological sequences.	
position-specific scoring matrix motif search evidence	ECO:0005536	A type of motif similarity evidence where the motif is represented by a position-specific frequency matrix (PSFM) that specifies the frequency of each base at each position of the motif, from which a position-specific scoring matrix (PSSM) can be derived under the framework of a log-likelihood ratio providing a scoring system based on the likelihood of a sequence given the motif, versus a genomic-frequency based null hypothesis.	PSSM|PSSM motif search
xylE reporter gene assay evidence	ECO:0005537	A type of reporter gene assay evidence based on the fusion of the xylE gene to a specific promoter for the expression of catechol 2,3-dioxygenase that converts the colorless catechol substrate to yellow 2-hydroxymuconic semialdehyde for identification of the expression of a particular gene.	
computationally derived logical inference	ECO:0005538		
computationally derived logical inference used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005539		
computationally derived logical inference from automatic assertion used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005540		
computationally derived logical inference from manual assertion used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005541		
biological system reconstruction evidence by experimental evidence from single species used in manual assertion	ECO:0005542	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence by experimental evidence from single species that is used in a manual assertion.	
biological system reconstruction evidence by experimental evidence from mixed species used in manual assertion	ECO:0005543	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence by experimental evidence from mixed species that is used in a manual assertion.	
biological system reconstruction evidence based on orthology evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005544	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence based on orthology evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
biological system reconstruction evidence based on orthology evidence	ECO:0005545	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence based on homology evidence where the evidence is inferred by orthology from an existing experimentally supported model to a process, pathway or complex in another species.	
biological system reconstruction evidence based on paralogy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005546	A type of  biological system reconstruction evidence based on paralogy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
biological system reconstruction evidence based on inference from background scientific knowledge used in manual assertion	ECO:0005547	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence based on inference from background scientific knowledge that is used in a manual assertion.	
biological system reconstruction evidence based on inference from background scientific knowledge	ECO:0005548	A type of biological system reconstruction based solely on background scientific knowledge of that biological system.	
biological system reconstruction evidence based on homology evidence	ECO:0005549	A type of biological system reconstruction where the evidence is inferred by homology based on conservation of sequence, function, and composition from an existing experimentally supported model to a process, pathway, or complex.	
biological system reconstruction evidence based on paralogy evidence	ECO:0005550	A type of  biological system reconstruction evidence based on homology evidence where the evidence is inferred by paralogy from an existing experimentally supported model to a process, pathway, or complex in the same species.	
biological system reconstruction evidence by experimental evidence	ECO:0005551	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence that uses experimental evidence as support.	
biological system reconstruction evidence by experimental evidence from mixed species	ECO:0005552	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence where the experimental evidence is derived by using a mix of species used in the same experiment.	
biological system reconstruction evidence by experimental evidence from single species	ECO:0005553	A type of biological system reconstruction where the experimental evidence is derived by using multiple experiments in a single species.	
pairwise sequence alignment evidence	ECO:0005554	A type of sequence alignment evidence where two sequences are aligned to identify regions of similarity that may indicate functional, structural and/or evolutionary relationships between two biological sequences (protein or nucleic acid).	
multiple sequence alignment evidence	ECO:0005555	A type of sequence alignment evidence where three or more biological sequences (protein or nucleic acid) of similar length are aligned to infer homology and the evolutionary relationships between the sequences studied.	
multiple sequence alignment evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005556	A type of multiple sequence alignment evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
multiple sequence alignment evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005557	A type of multiple sequence alignment evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
motif discovery evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005558	A type of motif discovery evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
motif discovery evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005559	A type of motif discovery evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
pairwise sequence alignment evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005560	A type of pairwise sequence alignment evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
pairwise sequence alignment evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005561	A type of pairwise sequence alignment evidence that is used in an automatic evidence.	
in-gel protein kinase assay evidence	ECO:0005562	A type of protein kinase assay evidence resulting from the evaluation of the phosphorylation activity of kinase on a gel-incorporated kinase substrate.	
macroscopic current trace evidence	ECO:0005563	A type of voltage clamp recording evidence that involves recording trace of the current (pA) going through the analyzed ion channels determined from voltage clamp current recording.	
current density evidence	ECO:0005564	A type of electrophysiology assay evidence that involves measuring the amount of current (pA) going through the ion channels per unit  of membrane.	
single channel conductance evidence	ECO:0005565		
sustained current evidence	ECO:0005566	A type of electrophysiology assay evidence that involves the measurement of the current that persists after the fast and slow inactivation of the analyzed channels.	
steady state activation curve evidence	ECO:0005567		
steady state inactivation curve evidence	ECO:0005568		
window current trace evidence	ECO:0005569		
use dependence of inactivation evidence	ECO:0005570	A type of electrophysiology assay evidence in which the amount of current remaining after a series of depolarization at different frequencies described as the normalized current related to the time course.	
current clamp recording evidence	ECO:0005571	A type of electrophysiology assay evidence that involves recording the change in membrane potential caused by applying specific current to the cell.	current clamp voltage recording evidence
whole-cell voltage clamp recording evidence	ECO:0005572	A type of voltage clamp recording evidence that involves direct measurement of ionic current across a membrane while controlling the membrane potential by maintaining the voltage.	
cell-attached single-channel recording evidence	ECO:0005573	A type of patch-clamp recording evidence that involves isolation of a patch of membrane electrically from the external solution and to record current flowing into the patch and this is achieved by pressing a fire-polished glass pipette, which has been filled with a suitable electrolyte solution, against the surface of a cell and applying light suction.	cell-attached patch-clamp recording evidence
cell-detached inside-out single-channel recording evidence	ECO:0005574	A type of patch-clamp recording evidence that involves study of individual ion channels by gently pulling the patch of membrane away from the cell, and the patch remains attached to the pipette with its cytoplasmic surface exposed to the bathing solution.	cell-detached inside-out patch-clamp recording evidence
reconstituted bilayer single-channel patch recording evidence	ECO:0005575	A type of patch-clamp reocrding evidence that involves ion channel analysis by incorporating the ion channels into liposomes suitable for patch-clamping which allows isolation and study of a specific population of channels into that bilayer membrane.	
voltage clamp recording evidence	ECO:0005576	A type of electrophysiology assay evidence that involves recording membrane potential by controlling the membrane voltage and measuring the transmembrane current required to maintain that voltage.	voltage clamp current recording evidence
electroencephalography recording evidence	ECO:0005577	A type of electrophysiology assay evidence that involves recording the electrical activity of the brain by means of electrodes placed on the surface of the head.	
super-resolution microscopy evidence	ECO:0005578	A type of microscopy evidence where the images are taken with a higher resolution than the diffraction limit that help in studying nanoscopic sub-cellular structures.	
immunogold labelling evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005579	A type of immunogold labelling evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	immunogold labelling
flow cytometry evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005580	A type of flow cytometry evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	FCM
enzyme-linked immunoabsorbent assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005581	A type of enzyme-linked immunoabsorbent assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	ELISA evidence|enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay evidence
cell-detached outside-out single-channel recording evidence	ECO:0005582	A type of patch-clamp recording evidence where a part of cellular membrane is detached from the cell and whose external face is exposed to the extracellular medium which allows isolating and studying a single or at least a small number of channels into that fragment (patch).	cell-detached outside-out patch-clamp evidence
cut-open oocyte voltage clamp recording evidence	ECO:0005583	A type of voltage clamp recording evidence that involves inserting the oocyte in a chamber that separates the surface into 3 regions where the top portion of the oocyte membrane is the region that is clamped from which currents are actually recorded while the bottom portion is the region of the oocyte that is cut-open, making it possible to inject current intracellularly through a low resistance pathway.	
macropatch voltage clamp recording evidence	ECO:0005584	A type of voltage clamp recording evidence where recording is done on a fragment of the cell membrane (attached to or detached from the cell) using a large tip diameter pipette that allows isolating and studying a small number of channels into that fragment (patch).	
high throughput mass spectrometry evidence	ECO:0005585	A type of mass spectrometry evidence where mass-to-charge ratio (m/z) of gas-phase ions is measured which is used to identify and quantify molecules in complex solutions within the framework of high throughput studies.	
high throughput mass spectrometry evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005586	A type of high throughput mass spectrometry evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
confocal microscopy evidence	ECO:0005587	A type of microscopy evidence where sharp images are taken by excluding most of the light from the specimen that is not from the microscope's focal plane, thus allowing better contrast and less haze, which makes it possible to build three-dimensional reconstructions of a volume of the specimen by assembling a series of thin slices taken along the vertical axis.	
wide-field microscopy evidence	ECO:0005588	A type of microscopy evidence where imaging of a thin cell or a tissue specimen is performed by full aperture emission of light gathered by the microscope's objective, which maximizes the recorded signal and simultaneously minimizes the required exposure times.	
confocal microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005589	A type confocal microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
wide-field microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005590	A type of wide-field microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
immunogold labelling electron microscopy assay evidence	ECO:0005591	A type of immunogold labelling evidence where electron microscopy technique is used to detect the location of the antibodies labeled with colloidal gold particles.	
immunogold labelling electron microscopy assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005592	A type of immunogold labelling electron microscopy assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
immunodetection assay evidence	ECO:0005593	A type of direct assay evidence that involves the use of antibodies to detect biomolecules.	
immunoperoxidase immunolocalization evidence	ECO:0005594	A type of immunolocalization evidence involving enzymatic detection of a peroxidase tagged antibody.	
immunoperoxidase immunolocalization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005595	A type of immunoperoxidase immunolocalization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
immunoperoxidase immunolocalization electron microscopy evidence	ECO:0005596	A type of immunoperoxidase immunolocalization evidence where electron microscopy technique is used for enzymatic detection of a peroxidase tagged antibody.	Immunoperoxidase labelling electron microscopy
immunoperoxidase immunolocalization electron microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005597	A type of immunoperoxidase immunolocalization electron microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	immunoperoxidase labelling electron microscopy evidence
wide-field fluorescence microscopy evidence	ECO:0005598	A type of wide-field microscopy evidence where pure white and ultraviolet light are produced by a mercury lamp, passed through an optical filter (excitation filter), and directed to a sample via a dichroic mirror, followed by detection of the fluorescent light by a camera after it passes through an emission filter.	
immunofluorescence wide-field microscopy evidence	ECO:0005599	A type of wide-field fluorescence microscopy evidence where fluorescently tagged antibodies are imaged that are used to bind to their antigens.	wide-field epifluorescence microscopy
immunofluorescence confocal microscopy evidence	ECO:0005600	A type of confocal microscopy evidence where light passes through immunofluorescent-stained tissue sections or cells and then the emitted light passes through the dichroic mirror and is focused onto the pinhole for subsequent detection.	
immunofluorescence confocal microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005601	A type of immunofluorescence confocal microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
protein expression level evidence based on western blot	ECO:0005602	A type of protein expression level evidence where the level of expression of a protein is determined in a cell or tissue extract by western blot technique.	
protein mass spectrometry evidence	ECO:0005603	A type of mass spectrometry evidence where one or more protein analyses are performed.	
cross-streak test evidence	ECO:0005604	A type of cell proliferation assay evidence where the investigated organism or a potential antagonist is inoculated so as to grow along the diameter line of the agar medium in a Petri dish, then, potentially susceptible microbes (usually bacteria) are streaked perpendicularly to the growth line and inhibition of growth of a test microbe in the vicinity of that line suggests that the antagonist secretes one or more diffusible antibiotics.	
disk diffusion test evidence	ECO:0005605	A type of zone of inhibition evidence where sensitivity/resistance to an antimicrobial agent is tested by impregnating small filter disks with a known concentration of antimicrobial agent which is then placed on a Mueller-Hinton agar plate inoculated with the test organism.	
cell transfection experiment evidence	ECO:0005606	A type of experimental evidence where a foreign genetic material is introduced into the cell for study of gene function and regulation and protein function.	
tethered cell assay evidence	ECO:0005607	A type of chemotaxis assay evidence where the presence or absence of positive or negative chemotaxis is determined by observing the rotational behavior of the cells tethered to a coverslip by their flagella.	
tumble frequency assay evidence	ECO:0005608	A type of chemotaxis assay evidence where the presence or absence of positive or negative chemotaxis in swimming organisms is determined by measuring chemotaxis in response to sudden concentration changes from one uniform spatial environment to another.	Temporal assay
capillary assay evidence	ECO:0005609	A type of chemotaxis assay evidence where the presence or absence of positive or negative chemotaxis is determined by measuring the rate of accumulation of the cells into a capillary.	
biological system reconstruction evidence based on homology evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005610	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence based on homology evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
inference from experimental data evidence	ECO:0005611	A type of direct assay evidence used in manual assertion where phenotype or disease association is made with the gene because of involvement in the molecular mechanism of disease or involvement in a pathway known to contribute to a disease.	IED|inferred from experimental data
inference from phenotype manipulation evidence	ECO:0005612	A type of mutant phenotype evidence used in manual assertion where variations or changes, such as mutations or abnormal levels of the product(s) of a single gene of interest, including non-mutational changes such as inhibition with antibodies or other inhibitors are determined.	inferred from phenotype manipulation|IPM
inference by association of genotype from phenotype	ECO:0005613	A type of natural variation mutant evidence used in manual assertion where alleles are directly linked to phenotype and Mendelian diseases as a result of various experiments.	IAGP|inferred by association of genotype from phenotype
two-dimensional polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005614	A type of two-dimensional polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	2D-PAGE evidence
alkaline phosphatase reporter gene assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005615	A type of alkaline phosphatase reporter gene assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	SEAP reporter assay|secreted embryonic alkaline phosphatase reporter assay
beta-galactosidase reporter gene assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005616	A type of beta-galactosidase reporter gene assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	beta-gal reporter gene assay evidence|lacZ reporter gene assay|LacZ transcript localization evidence used in manual assertion
chloramphenicol acetyltransferase reporter gene assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005617	A type of chloramphenicol acetyltransferase reporter gene assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	CAT reporter gene assay evidence
chromatin immunoprecipitation-chip evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005618	A type of chromatin immunoprecipitation-chip evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	ChIP-chip evidence|ChIP-on-chip evidence
chromatin immunoprecipitation- exonuclease evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005619	A type of chromatin immunoprecipitation- exonuclease evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	ChIP-exo evidence
chromatin immunoprecipitation-PCR evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005620	A type of chromatin immunoprecipitation-PCR evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	ChIP-PCR evidence
chromatin immunoprecipitation-seq evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005621	A type of chromatin immunoprecipitation-seq evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	ChIP-SEQ evidence|ChIP-seq evidence
comparative genomics motif search evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005622	A type of comparative genomics motif search evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
comparative genomics motif search evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005623	A type of comparative genomics motif search evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
consensus search evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005624	A type of consensus search evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
consensus search evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005625	A type of consensus search evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
copper-phenanthroline footprinting evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005626	A type of copper-phenanthroline footprinting evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	1,10-phenanthroline-copper footprinting evidence|OP-Cu Complex
DNA adenine methyltransferase identification evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005627	A type of DNA adenine methyltransferase identification evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	DamID evidence
DNA adenine methyltransferase identification evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005628	A type of DNA adenine methyltransferase identification evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	DamID evidence
DNA affinity chromatography evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005629	A type of DNA affinity chromatography evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	DNA affinity purification evidence
cDNA to DNA expression microarray evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005630	A type of cDNA to DNA expression microarray evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	DNA microarray evidence|RNA microarray evidence
DNAse footprinting evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005631	A type of DNAse footprinting evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	DNase protection evidence
fluorescence anisotropy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005632	A type of fluorescence anisotropy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	FA evidence|fluorescence polarization|FP
ferric uptake regulator titration assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005633	A type of ferric uptake regulator titration assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	FURTA evidence
genomic systematic evolution of ligands by exponential amplification evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005634	A type of genomic systematic evolution of ligands by exponential amplification evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	genomic SELEX evidence
genomic systematic evolution of ligands by exponential amplification evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005635	A type of genomic systematic evolution of ligands by exponential amplification evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	genomic SELEX evidence
green fluorescent protein reporter gene assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005636	A type of green fluorescent protein reporter gene assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	GFP promoter fusion|GFP reporter gene assay evidence|green fluorescent protein promoter fusion|green fluorescent protein transcript localization evidence used in manual assertion
green fluorescent protein reporter gene assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005637	A type of green fluorescent protein reporter gene assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	GFP promoter fusion|GFP reporter gene assay evidence|green fluorescent protein promoter fusion|green fluorescent protein transcript localization evidence used in automatic assertion
cell growth regulation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005638	A type of cell growth regulation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	growth curve analysis
cell growth regulation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005639	A type of cell growth regulation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	growth curve analysis
glutathione S-transferase pull-down assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005640	A type of glutathione S-transferase pull-down assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	GST pull-down assay evidence
beta-glucuronidase reporter gene assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005641	A type of beta-glucuronidase reporter gene assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	GUS reporter gene assay evidence
heteronuclear single quantum coherence spectroscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005642	A type of heteronuclear single quantum coherence spectroscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	HSQC evidence
hydroxyl-radical footprinting evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005643	A type of hydroxyl-radical footprinting evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
immunoprecipitation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005644	A type of immunoprecipitation evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	immunoprecipitation
interferometric reflectance imaging sensor evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005645	A type of interferometric reflectance imaging sensor evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	IRIS evidence|spectral reflectance imaging biosensor evidence|SRIB evidence
interferometric reflectance imaging sensor evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005646	A type of interferometric reflectance imaging sensor evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	IRIS evidence|spectral reflectance imaging biosensor evidence|SRIB evidence
isothermal titration calorimetry evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005647	A type of isothermal titration calorimetry evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	ITC evidence
luciferase reporter gene assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005648	A type of luciferase reporter gene assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
machine learning prediction of motif instance evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005649	A type of machine learning prediction of motif instance evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
machine learning prediction of motif instance evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005650	A type of machine learning prediction of motif instance evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005651	A type of matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry evidence|MALDI-TOF-MS evidence
methidiumpropyl-ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid iron (II) footprinting evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005652	A type of methidiumpropyl-ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid iron (II) footprinting evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	Methidiumpropyl-EDTA Fe(II) footprinting evidence|MPE Fe(II) footprinting|MPE-EDTA Fe(II) footprinting evidence
northern assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005653	A type of northern assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	northern assay evidence|RNA blot evidence|transcript levels (e.g. Northerns)
phylogenetic footprinting evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005654	A type of phylogenetic footprinting evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
phylogenetic footprinting evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005655	A type of phylogenetic footprinting evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
methylation interference footprinting evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005656	A type of methylation interference footprinting evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	premethylation interference footprinting evidence used in manual assertion
primer extension assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005657	A type of primer extension assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
position-specific scoring matrix motif search evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005658	A type of position-specific scoring matrix motif search evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	PSSM motif search evidence
position-specific scoring matrix motif search evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005659	A type of position-specific scoring matrix motif search evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	PSSM motif search evidence
quantitative polymerase chain reaction evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005660	A type of quantitative polymerase chain reaction evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
rapid amplification of cDNA ends polymerase chain reaction evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005661	A type of rapid amplification of cDNA ends polymerase chain reaction evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	RACE PCR evidence
regular expression motif search evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005662	A type of regular expression motif search evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
regular expression motif search evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005663	A type of regular expression motif search evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
RNA sequencing assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005664		
RNA sequencing assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005665		
S1 nuclease protection assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005666	A type of S1 nuclease protection assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
site-directed mutagenesis phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005667	A type of site-directed phenotypic mutagenesis evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	site directed mutagenesis evidence|site-directed mutagenesis evidence used in manual assertion
survival rate analysis evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005668	A type of survival rate analysis evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
ultraviolet light footprinting evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005669	A type of ultraviolet light footprinting evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	UV footprinting
x-ray crystallography evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005670	A type of x-ray crystallography evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
x-ray crystallography evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0005671	A type of x-ray crystallography evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
xylE reporter gene assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005672	A type of xylE reporter gene assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
ad-hoc qualitative phenotype observation evidence	ECO:0005673	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence where a non-standard trait (e.g. natural competence) is assessed qualitatively (e.g. presence/absence) and used as a natural reporter to conclude that some genes or pathways are regulated by the transcription factor.	
ad-hoc qualitative phenotype observation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005674	A type of ad-hoc qualitative phenotype observation that is used in a manual assertion.	
ad-hoc quantitative phenotype observation evidence	ECO:0005675	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence where a quantifiable phenotypic trait (e.g. glucose intake) is assessed in a quantitative manner after induction of the regulatory mechanism and used as a natural reporter to conclude that some genes or pathways are regulated by the transcription factor.	
ad-hoc quantitative phenotype observation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005676	A type of ad-hoc quantitative phenotype observation evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
dilution assay evidence	ECO:0005800	A direct assay evidence where the activity of a solution is determined by exposing an indicator culture or organism to a series of dilutions and determining the lowest concentration that elicits a biological response.	critical dilution assay|spot assay
enzymatic activity assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005801	A type of enzyme assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	enzyme assays
cell transfection experiment evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005802	A type of cell transfection experiment evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
motility assay evidence	ECO:0005803	A type of direct assay evidence where the motility of a cell or cells is determined.	
immunofluorescence evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005804	A type of immunofluorescence evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	immunofluorescence
yeast 2-hybrid evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0005805	A type of yeast 2-hybrid evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	yeast two-hybrid assay
Cya fusion reporter assay evidence	ECO:0006001	A type of evidence derived from exploiting the CyaA (calmodulin-activated adenylate cyclase toxin) secreted by Bordatella pertussis to synthesize cAMP and alter cellular physiology in a host cell for various biological applications.	
Cya fusion reporter assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006002	A type of Cya fusion reporter assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
electron microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006003	A type of electron microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
super-resolution microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006004	A type of super-resolution microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
fractionation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006005	A type of fractionation evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
electrophysiology assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006006	A type of electrophysiology assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
chromatin immunoprecipitation-chip evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006007	A type of chromatin immunoprecipitation-chip evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	ChIP-chip evidence|ChIP-on-chip evidence
chromatin immunoprecipitation- exonuclease evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006008	A type of chromatin immunoprecipitation- exonuclease evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	ChIP-exo
chromatin immunoprecipitation-seq evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006009	A type of chromatin immunoprecipitation-seq evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	ChIP-SEQ evidence|ChIP-seq evidence
mRNA interactome capture evidence	ECO:0006010	A type of nucleic acid binding evidence in which RNA-binding proteins are identified through cross-linking RNA and proteins by UV light, capturing RNA-protein complexes on oligo(dT) beads, and finally identifying by mass spectrometry.	ultraviolet light cross-linking RNA binding evidence
mRNA interactome capture evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006011	A type of mRNA interactome capture evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	ultraviolet light cross-linking RNA binding evidence
patch-clamp recording evidence	ECO:0006012	A type of electrophysiology assay evidence in which a glass micropipette is sealed to the surface of a cell membrane (patch) to study ion channels.	
patch-clamp recording evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006013	A type of patch-clamp recording evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
whole-cell patch-clamp recording evidence	ECO:0006014	A type of patch-clamp recording evidence in which a glass micropipette filled with a prepared solution is used to form a seal with the cell membrane followed by rupture of membrane to provide accurate and high resolution electrical property measurements of the whole cell.	
whole-cell patch-clamp recording evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006015	A type of whole-cell patch-clamp recording evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
author statement from published clinical study	ECO:0006016	A type of traceable author statement that is based on a publication about a clinical study.	published clinical study evidence|traceable author statement from published clinical study
author statement from published clinical study used in manual assertion	ECO:0006017	A type of author statement from published clinical study that is used in a manual assertion.	PCS|published clinical study evidence
inference based on individual clinical experience	ECO:0006018	A type of curator inference that is based on the individual clinical experience of a clinician	individual clinical experience evidence
inference based on individual clinical experience used in manual assertion	ECO:0006019	A type of inference based on individual clinical experience that is used in a manual assertion.	ICE|individual clinical experience evidence
biofilm formation assay evidence	ECO:0006020	A type of cell proliferation assay evidence in which biofilm growth is monitored and detected from attachment to development.	biofilm assay evidence
biofilm formation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006021	A type of biofilm formation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
microtiter plate biofilm assay evidence	ECO:0006022	A type of biofilm formation assay evidence in which microtiter dishes or tubes are inoculated and incubated to promote biofilm formation, and then biofilms are detected by staining with crystal violet or safranin to observe phenotypes.	96-well biofilm assay evidence
microtiter plate biofilm assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006023	A type of microtiter plate biofilm assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
air-liquid interface assay evidence	ECO:0006024	A type of biofilm formation assay evidence in which biofilm formation is analyzed, without staining, over 4 to 48 hours by growth on a tilted multiwell plate.	ALI biofilm assay evidence
air-liquid interface assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006025	A type of air-liquid interface assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	ALI biofilm assay evidence
colony biofilm assay evidence	ECO:0006026	A type of biofilm formation assay evidence in which a colony is grown on a semipermeable membrane on an agar plate. The plate serves to supply nutrients and the semipermeable membrane can be relocated to fresh plates.	
colony biofilm assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006027	A type of colony biofilm assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
Kadouri drip-fed biofilm assay evidence	ECO:0006028	A type of biofilm formation assay evidence in which mature bacterial biofilms are grown in a multiwell plate that has a growth medium continually pumped through the wells while waste is continually pumped out.	
Kadouri drip-fed biofilm assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006029	A type of Kadouri drip-fed biofilm assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
co-immunoprecipitation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006030	A type of co-immunoprecipitation evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	co-immunoprecipitation
immunolocalization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006031	A type of immunolocalization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	immunolocalization
optogenetic evidence	ECO:0006032	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence arising from experiment in which neuronal activity is manipulated using genetically encoded, optically activated neuronal actuators.	optogenetic actuator evidence
optogenetic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006033	A type of optogenetic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	optogenetic actuator evidence
fluorescent sensor evidence	ECO:0006034	A type of fluorescence evidence that is based on direct, quantitative measurement of some cellular property using a fluorescent sensor.	
fluorescent sensor evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006035	A type of fluorescent sensor evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
genetically encoded fluorescent sensor evidence	ECO:0006036	A type of fluorescent sensor evidence that is based on direct, quantitative measurement of some cellular property using a genetically encoded fluorescent sensor.	optogenetic sensor evidence
genetically encoded fluorescent sensor evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006037	A type of genetically encoded fluorescent sensor evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	optogenetic sensor evidence
genetically encoded fluorescent electrophysiology assay evidence	ECO:0006038	A type of fluorescent sensor evidence and electrophysiology assay evidence where the electrical properties of cells or tissues are studied using fluorescent sensors.	electrophysiology - optical assay evidence
genetically encoded fluorescent electrophysiology assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006039	A type of genetically encoded fluorescent electrophysiology assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	electrophysiology - optical assay evidence
genetically encoded fluorescent ion concentration sensor assay evidence	ECO:0006040	A type of genetically encoded fluorescent electrophysiology assay evidence that is based on direct, quantitative measurement of ion concentration using a genetically encoded fluorescent sensor.	
genetically encoded fluorescent ion concentration sensor assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006041	A type of genetically encoded fluorescent ion concentration sensor assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cell fractionation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006042	A type of cell fractionation evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	cell fractionation
extracellular recording evidence	ECO:0006043	A type of electrophysiology assay evidence resulting from the use of electrodes to measure in vivo electrical activity coming from adjacent neurons.	
extracellular recording evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006044	A type of extracellular recording evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
single-unit extracellular recording evidence	ECO:0006045	A type of extracellular recording evidence in which an extracellular microelectrode is used to measure the electrical activity of a single neuron.	
single-unit extracellular recording evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006046	A type of single-unit extracellular recording evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
field potential recording evidence	ECO:0006047	A type of extracellular recording evidence in which electrical activity is measured in either tissue or at a cellular level with microelectrodes.	local field potential recording evidence
field potential recording evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006048	A type of field potential recording evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	local field potential recording evidence
genetic transformation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006049	A type of genetic transformation evidence that is used in a manual assertion	
anti-sense experiment evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006050	A type of anti-sense experiment evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	anti-sense experiments
morpholino experiment evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006051	A type of morpholino experiment evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	anti-sense evidence
RNAi evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006052	A type of RNAi evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	RNAi experiment
pharmacological assay evidence	ECO:0006053	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence that arises from assaying the response of a cell, tissue, organ or organism following exposure to a receptor agonist or antagonist.	
pharmacological assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006054	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence used in a manual assertion that arises from assaying the response of a cell, tissue, organ or organism following exposure to a receptor agonist or antagonist.	
high throughput evidence	ECO:0006055	A type of evidence where data generation is automated with equipment to allow for assaying samples or molecules in parallel.	high throughput cell biology evidence|high throughput screening evidence|high-throughput evidence|HT evidence
high throughput evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006056	A type of evidence that is used in a manual assertion where data generation is automated with equipment to allow for assaying large numbers of samples or molecules in parallel.	high throughput cell biology evidence|high throughput screening evidence|high-throughput evidence|HT evidence|HTP|inferred from high throughput experiment
high throughput evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0006057	A type of evidence that is used in an automatic assertion where data generation is automated with equipment to allow for assaying samples or molecules in parallel.	high throughput cell biology evidence|high throughput screening evidence|high-throughput evidence|HT evidence
high throughput cell biology evidence	ECO:0006058	A type of high throughput evidence where a classical cell biology technique is automated with equipment to allow for assaying biomolecules in parallel.	omics experiment
high throughput cell biology evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006059	A type of high throughput evidence used in a manual assertion where a classical cell biology technique is automated with equipment to allow for assaying biomolecules in parallel.	omics experiment
high throughput cell biology evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0006060	A type of high throughput evidence used in an automatic assertion where a classical cell biology technique is automated with equipment to allow for assaying biomolecules in parallel.	omics experiment
immunofluorescence wide-field microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006061	A type of wide-field fluorescence microscopy evidence used in a manual assertion where fluorescently tagged antibodies are imaged that are used to bind to their antigens.	wide-field epifluorescence microscopy evidence
wide-field fluorescence microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006062	A type of wide-field microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion where pure white and ultraviolet light are produced by a mercury lamp, passed through an optical filter (excitation filter), and directed to a sample via a dichroic mirror, followed by detection of the fluorescent light by a camera after it passes through an emission filter.	
over expression analysis evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006063	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion where a gene and/or gene product is investigated in a transgenic organism that has been engineered to overexpress that gene product.	analysis of overexpression/ectopic expression phenotype
cell-free assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006064	A type of cell-free assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	in vitro assay evidence
in vitro cell based assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006065		
fluorescence recovery after photobleaching evidence	ECO:0006066	A type of fluorescence evidence where quantitative information on the diffusion properties of a sample is produced from the measurement of diffusion of fluorescent probes over time into an area that has been photobleached by a high-intensity laser pulse.	FRAP evidence
fluorescence recovery after photobleaching evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006067	A type of fluorescence evidence that is used in a manual assertion where quantitative information on the diffusion properties of a sample is produced from the measurement of diffusion of fluorescent probes over time into an area that has been photobleached by a high-intensity laser pulse.	FRAP evidence
RNA-sequencing evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006068	A type of high throughput nucleotide sequencing assay evidence used in a manual assertion based on high-throughput (HT) sequencing of fragmented cDNA molecules.	RNA sequencing|differential gene expression evidence from RNA-seq experiment|RNA-seq evidence used in manual assertion|whole transcriptome shotgun sequencing|WTSS evidence
RNA-sequencing evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0006069	A type of high throughput nucleotide sequencing assay evidence used in an automatic assertion based on high-throughput (HT) sequencing of fragmented cDNA molecules.	RNA sequencing|differential gene expression evidence from RNA-seq experiment|RNA-seq evidence used in automatic assertion|whole transcriptome shotgun sequencing|WTSS evidence
immuno-labelling electron microscopy evidence	ECO:0006070	A type of electron microscopy evidence resulting from the use of antibodies to identify the localization of antigens in cells and tissues.	immunolabelling electron microscopy evidence
immuno-labelling electron microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006071	A type of electron microscopy evidence used in a manual assertion resulting from the use of antibodies to identify the localization of antigens in cells and tissues.	immunolabelling electron microscopy evidence
immunofluorescence super resolution microscopy evidence	ECO:0006072	A type of super-resolution microscopy evidence resulting from the use of fluorescently-tagged antibodies to identify the localization of antigens in cells and tissue.	
immunofluorescence super resolution microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006073	A type of super-resolution microscopy evidence used in a manual assertion resulting from the use of fluorescently-tagged antibodies to identify the localization of antigens in cells and tissue.	
co-purification evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006074	A type of physical interaction evidence that is used in manual assertion where a cellular component subunit is isolated as part of purification of its larger complex.	co-purification
affinity evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006075	A type of physical interaction evidence that is used in manual assertion that depends on the strength of the interaction between two entities.	ligand binding evidence
protein binding evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006076	A type of affinity evidence that is used in manual assertion resulting from the binding of a molecule to a protein or protein complex.	
hybrid interaction evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006077	A type of affinity evidence that is used in manual assertion where proteins of interest (bait and prey) are covalently linked to incomplete fragments of a third protein (reporter) and expressed in vivo, at which time interaction between bait and prey proteins brings reporter fragments in close enough proximity to allow them to reform and become a functional reporter protein.	
immunological assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006078	A type of affinity evidence that is used in manual assertion resulting from quantitation of the analyte which depends on the reaction of an antigen (analyte) and an antibody.	
yeast one-hybrid evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006079	A type of hybrid interaction evidence that is used in manual assertion that is based on a protein-DNA complementation assay where a single promoter acts as bait and is screened against a library of prey transcription factors.	yeast one-hybrid assay
split-ubiquitin assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006080	A type of physical interaction evidence that is used in a manual assertion that is based on detection of protein-protein interaction between a bait and prey protein by in vivo reconstitution of split-ubiquitin (when bait and prey interact) and release of a reporter protein.	split-ubiquitin assay
far-Western blotting evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006081	A type of physical interaction evidence that is used in a manual assertion that is based on detection of protein-protein interactions by separation of target proteins by SDS-PAGE which are blotted to a membrane, followed by denaturation and renaturation, probing with purified bait proteins, and detection of the target-bait complexes.	far-Western analysis
affinity chromatography evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006082	A type of affinity evidence that is used in a manual assertion that results from separation of biochemical mixtures by selective binding of a compound to an immobilized compound on a polymeric matrix, subsequent removal of unattached components, and then displacement of the bond compound.	affinity chromatography
nucleic acid binding evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006083	A type of affinity evidence that is used in a manual assertion resulting from the binding of a molecule to a nucleic acid.	
ribohomopolymer binding assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006084	A type of nucleic acid binding evidence that is used in a manual assertion resulting from an enzyme displaying binding activity to specific ribohomopolymer.	ribohomopolymer binding assay
protein:ion binding evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006085	A type of protein binding evidence that is used in a manual assertion resulting from a metal ion binding to a protein at a specific binding site.	
Southwestern blot evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006086	A type of nucleic acid binding evidence that is used in a manual assertion in which DNA-protein binding is detected using labeled DNA as probes, hybridized to electrophoretically separated proteins.	Southwestern analysis
Northwestern blot evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006087	A type of nucleic acid binding evidence that is used in a manual assertion in which RNA-protein binding is detected using labeled RNA as probes, hybridized to electrophoretically separated proteins.	Northwestern analysis
systematic evolution of ligands by exponential amplification evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006088	A type of evidence that is used in a manual assertion arising from a physical interaction analysis where a combinatorial chemistry technique is used to identify oligonucleotides that bind to a target ligand.	in vitro evolution evidence|in vitro selection evidence|SELEX evidence
bacterial one-hybrid evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006089	A type of hybrid interaction evidence that is used in a manual assertion that uses bacterial transformation with two plasmids to assess in vivo binding of a DNA-binding domain (bait) and DNA target site (prey).	B1H evidence
protein-binding microarray evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006090	A type of oligonucleotide microarray evidence that is used in a manual assertion that detects binding of a tagged protein to an array of oligonucleotide probes representing potential binding sites.	PBM evidence
functional complementation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006091	A type of genetic interaction evidence that is used in a manual assertion where a wild-type copy of the gene in question is inserted into a mutant cell to see if it restores the wild-type phenotype in the mutant background.	functional complementation
transgenic rescue experiment evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006092	A type of functional complementation evidence that is used in a manual assertion that is used in manual assertion resulting from the introduction of a transgene to prevent, or "rescue" an organism from a condition.	
transient rescue experiment evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006093	A type of transient rescue experiment evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
suppressor/enhancer interaction phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006094	A type of suppressor/enhancer interaction phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	'traditional' genetic interactions (e.g. suppressors, synthetic lethals)|suppressor/enhancer interaction evidence used in manual assertion
double mutant phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006095	A type of double mutant phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	double mutant analysis|double mutant phenotype evidence used in manual assertion
epistatic interaction phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006096	A type of epistatic interaction phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	epistatic interaction evidence used in manual assertion|epistatic interactions
functional complementation in heterologous system evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006097	A type of functional complementation evidence that is used in a manual assertion that is based on the insertion of a wild-type copy of a gene into a heterologous organism, with the mutation occurring in a homologous gene.	functional complementation in heterologous system
temperature-sensitive mutant phenotypic evidence	ECO:0006098	A type of mutant phenotype evidence resulting from altered gene function at higher temperatures.	temperature-sensitive mutant phenotype evidence|Ts mutation evidence
temperature-sensitive mutant phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006099	A type of temperature-sensitive mutant phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	temperature-sensitive mutant phenotype evidence used in manual assertion|Ts mutation evidence
recessive mutant phenotype evidence	ECO:0006100	A type of mutant phenotype evidence based on the analysis of a mutation which, in diploid organisms, must be present in both alleles for a phenotype to manifest itself.	
recessive mutant phenotype evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006101	A type of mutant phenotype evidence that is used in a manual assertion based on the analysis of a mutation which, in diploid organisms, must be present in both alleles for a phenotype to manifest itself.	
quantum mechanics/molecular mechanics simulation evidence	ECO:0006135	A type of computational evidence where the active site of the molecular system is described with highly accurate quantum theory, while the contribution of the rest of the system is described with molecular mechanical force field.	QM/MM evidence
quantum mechanics/molecular mechanics simulation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0006136	A type of quantum mechanics/molecular mechanics simulation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
quantum mechanics/molecular mechanics simulation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006137	A type of quantum mechanics/molecular mechanics simulation evidence that is used in manual assertion.	
molecular mechanics simulation evidence	ECO:0006138	A type of computational evidence where the energy of a molecular system is predicted as a function of its conformation.	MM evidence
molecular mechanics simulation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0006139	A type of molecular mechanics simulation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
molecular mechanics simulation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006140	A type of molecular mechanics simulation evidence that is used in manual assertion.	
quantum mechanics simulation evidence	ECO:0006141	A type of computational evidence where the behavior of matter and light on the atomic and subatomic scale is described.	QM evidence|quantum physics evidence|quantum theory evidence
quantum mechanics simulation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0006142	A type of quantum mechanics simulation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
quantum mechanics simulation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006143	A type of quantum mechanics simulation evidence that is used in manual assertion.	
density functional theory simulation evidence	ECO:0006144	A type of quantum mechanics simulation evidence that results from the calculation of ground-state electronic structure of atoms, molecules and solid state materials.	DFT evidence
density functional theory simulation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0006145	A type of density functional theory simulation evidence that is used in manual assertion.	
density functional theory simulation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0006146	A type of density functional theory simulation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
high throughput mutant phenotypic evidence	ECO:0007000	A type of high throughput evidence derived from high throughput analysis of differences in alleles of a corresponding gene.	high throughput mutant phenotype evidence
high throughput mutant phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007001	A type of high throughput mutant phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	high throughput mutant phenotype evidence used in manual assertion|HMP|inferred from high throughput mutant phenotype
high throughput genetic interaction phenotypic evidence	ECO:0007002	A type of high throughput evidence resulting from the high throughput analysis of the effect that a given gene has on another gene or genes, and products.	high throughput genetic interaction evidence
high throughput genetic interaction phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007003	A type of high throughput genetic interaction phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	HGI|high throughput genetic interaction evidence used in manual assertion|inferred from high throughput genetic interaction
high throughput direct assay evidence	ECO:0007004	A type of high throughput evidence derived from the high throughput direct measurement of some aspect of a biological feature.	
high throughput direct assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007005	A type of high throughput evidence that is used in a manual assertion derived from the high throughput direct measurement of some aspect of a biological feature.	HDA|inferred from high throughput direct assay
high throughput expression pattern evidence	ECO:0007006	A type of high throughput evidence derived from the high throughput characterization of gene expression.	
high throughput expression pattern evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007007	A type of high throughput evidence that is used in a manual assertion derived from the high throughput characterization of gene expression.	HEP|inferred from high throughput expression pattern
radioligand binding assay evidence	ECO:0007008	A type of protein binding evidence in which radioactive ligands are used to measure receptor-ligand interactions, such as in determining selectivity for a particular ligand.	competitive binding assay evidence|radioactive ligand binding assay evidence|radiometric ligand-binding assay evidence
radioligand binding assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007009	A type of radioligand binding assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	competitive binding assay evidence|radioactive ligand binding assay evidence
combinatorial experimental and author inference evidence	ECO:0007011	A type of combinatorial evidence in which the author draws a conclusion based on a combination of prior scientific background knowledge and evidence from one or more experiments.	combinatorial evidence from author knowledge and experimental evidence
combinatorial experimental and curator inference evidence	ECO:0007012	A type of combinatorial evidence in which the curator draws a conclusion based on a combination of prior scientific background knowledge and evidence from one or more experiments.	combinatorial evidence from curator knowledge and experimental evidence
combinatorial experimental and author inference evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007013	A type of combinatorial evidence from author knowledge and experimental evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	combinatorial evidence from author knowledge and experimental evidence used in manual assertion
combinatorial experimental and curator inference evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007014	A type of combinatorial evidence from curator knowledge and experimental evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	combinatorial evidence from curator knowledge and experimental evidence used in manual assertion
voltammetry evidence	ECO:0007015	A type of substance quantification evidence where an electrical gradient potential is applied to analyze an analyte of interest, resulting in a measurement amount of electrical current across the potential range applied.	
voltammetry evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007016	A type of voltammetry evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
photoconversion evidence	ECO:0007017	A type of fluorescence evidence where a molecule tagged with a fluorescent protein is exposed to ultraviolet or blue light to shift the spectral emission properties for visualization.	
photoconversion evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007018	A type of photoconversion evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
agglutination test evidence	ECO:0007019	A type of immunological assay evidence that involves observation of visible clumping of antibody and antigen into a complex.	agglutination assay evidence
agglutination test evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007020	A type of agglutination test evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	agglutination assay evidence
slide agglutination test evidence	ECO:0007021	A type of agglutination test evidence that involves observaiton of visible clumping of antibody and antigen into a complex on a slide.	
slide agglutination test evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007022	A type of slide agglutination test evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
direct Coombs test evidence	ECO:0007023	A type of agglutination test evidence that results in detection of nonagglutinating antibodies or complement proteins on red blood cells in vivo.	direct antihuman globulin test (DAT)
direct Coombs test evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007024	A type of direct Coombs test evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	direct antihuman globulin test (DAT)
indirect Coombs test evidence	ECO:0007025	A type of agglutination test evidence that results in screening of antibodies against red blood cell antigens (other than the A and B antigens) that are unbound in a patient's serum in vitro.	indirect antiglobulin test (IAT)
indirect Coombs test evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007026	A type of indirect Coombs test evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	indirect antiglobulin test (IAT)
direct hemagglutination assay evidence	ECO:0007027	A type of agglutination test evidence where some bacteria and viruses cross-link red blood cells and clump together.	
direct hemagglutination assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007028	A type of direct hemagglutination assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
viral hemagglutination inhibition assay evidence	ECO:0007029	A type of agglutination test evidence where antiviral antibodies in a patient's serum or in a lab-produced antiserum neutralize the virus and block it from agglutinating the red blood cells.	
viral hemagglutination inhibition assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007030	A type of viral hemagglutination inhibition assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
compement fixation assay evidence	ECO:0007031	A type of immunological assay evidence that results in the detection of presence of specific antibodies in the patient's serum based on the use of complement, a biologically labile serum factor.	
compement fixation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007032	A type of compement fixation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
neutralization test assay evidence	ECO:0007033	A type of immunogical assay evidence that results in detection of specific neutralizing antibodies in a sample.	
neutralization test assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007034	A type of neutralization test assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
copper transport assay evidence	ECO:0007035	A type of transport assay evidence where the rate of copper transport is estimated.	
copper transport assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007036	A type of copper transport assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
5-cyano-2,3-ditolyl tetrazolium chloride staining evidence	ECO:0007037	A type of staining evidence that involves the use of the redox dye 5-cyano-2,3-ditolyl tetrazolium chloride to evaluate the respiratory activity of cells.	CTC staining
5-cyano-2,3-ditolyl tetrazolium chloride staining evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007038	A type of 5-cyano-2,3-ditolyl tetrazolium chloride staining evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	CTC staining
plaque assay evidence	ECO:0007039	A type of cell growth assay evidence resulting in direct quantification of infectious virons and antiviral substances through the counting of discrete plaques (infectious units and cellular dead zones) in cell culture.	
plaque assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007040	A type of plaque assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
epifluorescence microscopy evidence	ECO:0007041	A type of microscopy evidence where the light source is mounted above the specimen and the excitation light passes through the microscope objective lens on its way toward the specimen.	
epifluorescence microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007042	A type of epifluorescence microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
transmission electron microscopy evidence	ECO:0007043	A type of electron microscopy evidence where a beam of electrons are transmitted through an ultra thin specimen forming an image which is magnified and focused onto an imaging device, such as a fluorescent screen, on a layer of photographic film, or to be detected by a sensor such as a CCD camera.	conventional transmission electron microscopy(CTEM)|TEM
transmission electron microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007044	A type of transmission electron microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	conventional transmission electron microscopy(CTEM)|TEM
scanning electron microscopy evidence	ECO:0007045	A type of electron microscopy evidence where a focused beam of high-energy electrons is used to generate a variety of signals at the surface of solid specimens.	
scanning electron microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007046	A type of scanning electron microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
time-lapsed microscopy evidence	ECO:0007047	A type of microscopy evidence where a serial images are taken at regular time points to capture the dynamics of what is being observed.	
time-lapsed microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007048	A type of time-lapsed microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
phase contrast microscopy evidence	ECO:0007049	A type of microscopy evidence where a transparent specimen is illuminated with visible light and small phase shifts in the light passing through the specimen are used to produce an image.	
phase contrast microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007050	A type of phase contrast microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
transmitted light brightfied mircoscopy evidence	ECO:0007051	A type of microscopy evidence where a sample is illuminated with transmitted white light from below and observed from above.	
transmitted light brightfied mircoscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007052	A type of transmitted light brightfied mircoscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
koehler illumination microscopy evidence	ECO:0007053	A type of microscopy evidence that results in a bright image without glare and minimum heating of the specimen by employing both field and an aperture iris diaphragm for illumination.	
koehler illumination microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007054	A type of koehler illumination microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
differential interference contrast microscopy evidence	ECO:0007055	A type of microscopy evidence that results in visualization of living cells and transparent specimens by taking advantage of differences in the light refraction of different parts of the specimen.	DIC microscopy|NIC microscopy|Nomarski interference contrast microscopy|Nomarski microscopy
differential interference contrast microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007056	A type of differential interference contrast microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	DIC microscopy|NIC microscopy|Nomarski interference contrast microscopy|Nomarski microscopy
extended field laser confocal microscopy evidence	ECO:0007057	A type of confocal microscopy evidence that results in creation of a continuous confocal multi-colour mosaic from thousands of individually captured images.	EFLCM
extended field laser confocal microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007058	A type of extended field laser confocal microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	EFLCM
confocal laser scanning microscopy evidence	ECO:0007059	A type of confocal microscopy evidence that results in an image that is built up pixel-by-pixel by collecting the emitted photons from the fluorophores in the sample by passing a laser beam through a light source aperture which is then focused by an objective lens into a small area on the surface of the sample.\n	CLSM|confocal laser scanning fluorescence microscopy|confocal-laser scanning microscopy|fluorescence confocal scanning laser microscopy|LSCM|scanning confocal fluorescence microscopy
confocal laser scanning microscopy evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007060	A type of confocal laser scanning microscopy evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	CLSM|confocal laser scanning fluorescence microscopy|confocal-laser scanning microscopy|fluorescence confocal scanning laser microscopy|LSCM|scanning confocal fluorescence microscopy
light scattering assay evidence	ECO:0007061	A type of direct assay evidence derived from determining the properties of particles in a solution such as size, shape, structure, molecular weight, diffusion and interaction strength by illuminating the sample with a laser beam and the scattered intensity is probed at a certain angle by a detector.	
light scattering assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007062	A type of light scattering assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
dynamic light scattering assay evidence	ECO:0007063	A type of light scattering assay evidence derived by analyzing the fluctuations in the internsity of the scattered light by the particles in motion.	Photon Correlation Spectroscopy|Quasi-Elastic Light Scattering
dynamic light scattering assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007064	A type of dynamic light scattering assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	Photon Correlation Spectroscopy|Quasi-Elastic Light Scattering
static light scattering assay evidence	ECO:0007065	A type of light scattering assay evidence derived by measuring the average intensity of scattered light by the particles at multiple angles.	Rayleigh scattering
static light scattering assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007066	A type of static light scattering assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	Rayleigh scattering
colony papillation assay phenotypic evidence	ECO:0007067	A type of colony morphology phenotypic evidence resulting from the formation of papillae (microcolonies) that protrude outwards from the main colony by mutant cells.	colony papillation assay evidence
colony papillation assay phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007068	A type of colony papillation assay phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	colony papillation assay evidence used in manual assertion
crystal violet staining evidence	ECO:0007069	A type of staining evidence that is derived from the use of gentian violet as a general biological stain and an acid-base indicator.	gentian violet|hexamethyl pararosaniline chloride|methyl violet 10B
crystal violet staining evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007070	A type of crystal violet staining evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	gentian violet|hexamethyl pararosaniline chloride|methyl violet 10B
flow cell biofilm assay evidence	ECO:0007071	A type of biofilm formation assay evidence derived from in vitro cultivation and evaluation of bacterial biofilms under hydrodynamic conditions of flow.	
flow cell biofilm assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007072	A type of flow cell biofilm assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
bacterial 2-hybrid assay evidence	ECO:0007073	A type of hybrid interaction evidence that involves the detection of protein-protein interaction by fusing the protein target (the "bait") to RNA polymerase and fusing protein or peptide library to be analyzed (the "prey") to DNA-binding domain.	
bacterial 2-hybrid assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007074	A type of bacterial 2-hybrid assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
phenomic profiling assay evidence	ECO:0007075	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence that results from the comparison of phenotype profiles (the physical and biochemical traits of organisms in particular environments) across multiple strains; that is, a meta-analysis of a set of phenotypic patterns from many tests in response to a series of changing genetic and/or environmental factors.	
phenomic profiling assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007076	A type of phenomic profiling assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
colony morphology phenotypic evidence	ECO:0007077	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence resulting from studying the physical characteristics of an assemblage of microorganisms growing on a solid surface such as the surface of an agar culture medium.	colony morphology evidence
colony morphology phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007078	A type of colony morphology phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	colony morphology evidence used in manual assertion
colony color phenotypic evidence	ECO:0007079	A type of colony morphology evidence resulting from studying the colony pigmentation.	colony color evidence|colony pigmentation
colony color phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007080	A type of colony color phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	colony color evidence used in manual assertion|colony pigmentation
colony size phenotypic evidence	ECO:0007081	A type of colony morphology phenotypic evidence resulting from measuring the area or diameter of the colony.	colony size evidence
colony size phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007082	A type of colony size phenotypic evidence that is used in an manual assertion.	colony area phenotype evidence|colony diameter phenotype evidence|colony size evidence used in manual assertion
zone of inhibition evidence	ECO:0007083	A type of cell growth assay evidence resulting from assessing the sensitivity or resistance of bacteria or fungi to an antimicrobial agent or chemical by measuring the size of the zone of inhibition that results when the test organism is grown on a solid surface in the presence of the antimicrobial agent or chemical.	
zone of inhibition evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007084	A type of zone of inhibition evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
Etest evidence	ECO:0007085	A type of zone of inhibition evidence resulting from testing the antimicrobial susceptibility by using predefined, continuous, and exponential gradient of antibiotic concentrations immobilized along a rectangular plastic test strip.	epsilometer test
Etest evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007086	A type of Etest evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	epsilometer test
ribosome profiling evidence	ECO:0007087	A type of expression pattern evidence in which translation is measured by the positions of ribosomes active in a cell, identified through deep sequencing of ribosome-protected mRNA fragments.	ribo-seq evidence|ribosome footprinting evidence|translation profiling|translatome profiling
ribosome profiling evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007088	A type of ribosome profiling evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	ribo-seq evidence|ribosome footprinting evidence
loss-of-function mutant phenotype evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007089	A type of loss-of-function mutant phenotype evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
structural similarity evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007090	A type of structural similarity evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
gain-of-function mutant phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007092	A type of gain-of-function mutant phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	gain-of-function mutant phenotype evidence used in manual assertion
voucher specimen phenotypic analysis evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007093	A type of voucher specimen phenotypic analysis evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	voucher specimen analysis evidence used in manual assertion
positional similarity evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007094	A type of positional similarity evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
quantitative trait analysis evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007095	A type of quantitative trait analysis evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
compositional similarity evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007096	A type of compositional similarity evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
developmental similarity evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007097	A type of developmental similarity evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
morphological similarity evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007098	A type of morphological similarity evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
gene expression similarity evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007099	A type of gene expression similarity evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
methylation-specific polymerase chain reaction evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007100	A type of methylation-specific polymerase chain reaction evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
southern hybridization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007101	A type of southern hybridization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
intermethylated site amplification evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007102	A type of intermethylated site amplification evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
epitope-tagged protein immunolocalization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007103	A type of epitope-tagged protein immunolocalization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
co-fractionation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007104	A type of co-fractionation evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
green fluorescent protein fusion protein localization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007106	A type of green fluorescent protein fusion protein localization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
yellow fluorescent protein fusion protein localization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007107	A type of yellow fluorescent protein fusion protein localization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
beta-glucuronidase fusion protein localization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007108	A type of beta-glucuronidase fusion protein localization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
beta-galactosidase fusion protein localization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007109	A type of beta-galactosidase fusion protein localization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
thin layer chromatography evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007110	A type of thin layer chromatography evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro recombinant protein transcription reconstitution assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007111	A type of in vitro recombinant protein transcription reconstitution assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
protein separation followed by direct sequencing evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007112	A type of protein separation followed by direct sequencing evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
protein separation followed by fragment identification evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007113	A type of protein separation followed by fragment identification evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
heterologous system uptake evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007114	A type of heterologous system uptake evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
two-electrode voltage clamp recording evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007115	A type of two-electrode voltage clamp recording evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
biochemical trait analysis evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007116	A type of biochemical trait analysis evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
mutant physiological response evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007117	A type of mutant physiological response evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
mutant visible phenotype evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007118	A type of mutant visible phenotype evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vivo assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007119	A type of in vivo assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
animal model system study evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007120	A type of animal model system study evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
clinical study evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007121	A type of clinical study evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007122	A type of in vitro assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
enzyme inhibition evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007123	A type of enzyme inhibition evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
Illumina sequencing evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007125	A type of Illumina sequencing evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
454 pyrosequencing evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007126	A type of 454 pyrosequencing evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
SOLiD sequencing evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007127	A type of SOLiD sequencing evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
chain termination sequencing evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007128	A type of chain termination sequencing evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
chromatin immunoprecipitation-qPCR evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007129	A type of chromatin immunoprecipitation-qPCR evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
4C evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007130	A type of 4C evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	circularized chromosome conformation capture evidence used in manual assertion
5C evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007131	A type of 5C evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	carbon-copy chromosome conformation capture evidence used in manual assertion
3C-qPCR evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007133	A type of 3C-qPCR evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	chromosome conformation capture-qPCR evidence used in manual assertion
Hi-C evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007134	A type of Hi-C evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
3C-seq evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007135	A type of 3C-seq evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	chromosome conformation capture sequencing evidence used in manual assertion
environmental perturbation phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007136	A type of environmental perturbation phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	environmental perturbation evidence used in manual assertion
tissue ablation phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007137	A type of tissue ablation phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	tissue ablation evidence used in manual assertion
tissue grafting phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007138	A type of tissue grafting phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	tissue grafting evidence used in manual assertion
cytochalasin experiment evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007141	A type of cytochalasin experiment evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
green fluorescent protein immunolocalization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007142	A type of green fluorescent protein immunolocalization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
beta-galactosidase protein immunolocalization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007143	A type of beta-galactosidase protein immunolocalization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cap analysis of gene expression evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007144	A type of cap analysis of gene expression evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
nano-cap analysis of gene expression evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007145	A type of nano-cap analysis of gene expression evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
particle size and count assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007146	A type of particle size and count assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
competitive growth assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007147	A type of competitive growth assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
pulsed-field gel electrophoresis evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007148	A type of pulsed-field gel electrophoresis evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
two-dimensional agarose gel electrophoresis evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007149	A type of two-dimensional agarose gel electrophoresis evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
plasmid maintenance assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007150	A type of plasmid maintenance assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
specific protein inhibition by antibody evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007151	A type of specific protein inhibition by antibody evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
single exon transcript confirmation via alignment evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007152	A type of single exon transcript confirmation via alignment evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
phylogenetic distribution evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007153	A type of phylogenetic distribution evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
differential geneset expression evidence from microarray experiment (GSEA, Fisher-exact) used in manual assertion	ECO:0007154	A type of differential geneset expression evidence from microarray experiment (GSEA, Fisher-exact) that is used in a manual assertion.	
differential geneset expression evidence from RNA-seq experiment (GSEA, Fisher-exact) used in manual assertion	ECO:0007155	A type of differential geneset expression evidence from RNA-seq experiment (GSEA, Fisher-exact) that is used in a manual assertion.	
biological target-disease association via drug evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007156	A type of biological target-disease association via drug that is used in a manual assertion.	
cell staining evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007157	A type of cell staining evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
visual sequence inspection evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007158	A type of visual sequence inspection evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
ATP bioluminescence assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007159	A type of ATP bioluminescence assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
missense mutation pohenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007160	A type of missense mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	missense mutation evidence used in manual assertion
nonsense mutation phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007161	A type of nonsense mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	nonsense mutation evidence used in manual assertion
silent mutation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007162	A type of silent mutation evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
insertion mutation phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007163	A type of insertion mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	insertion mutation evidence used in manual assertion
duplication mutation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007164	A type of duplication mutation evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
frameshift mutation phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007165	A type of frameshift mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	frameshift mutation evidence used in manual assertion
repeat expansion mutation phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007166	A type of repeat expansion mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	repeat expansion mutation evidence used in manual assertion
splice site mutation phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007167	A type of splice site mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	splice site mutation evidence used in manual assertion
translocation mutation phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007168	A type of translocation mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	translocation mutation evidence used in manual assertion
in-gel protein kinase assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007169	A type of in-gel protein kinase assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
macroscopic current trace evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007170	A type of macroscopic current trace evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
current density evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007171	A type of current density evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
sustained current evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007172	A type of sustained current evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
use dependence of inactivation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007173	A type of use dependence of inactivation evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
current clamp recording evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007174	A type of current clamp recording evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
whole-cell voltage clamp recording evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007175	A type of whole-cell voltage clamp recording evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cell-attached single-channel recording evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007176	A type of cell-attached single-channel recording evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cell-detached inside-out single-channel recording evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007177	A type of cell-detached inside-out single-channel recording evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
reconstituted bilayer single-channel patch recording evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007178	A type of reconstituted bilayer single-channel patch recording evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
electroencephalography recording evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007179	A type of electroencephalography recording evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cell-detached outside-out single-channel recording evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007180	A type of cell-detached outside-out single-channel recording evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cut-open oocyte voltage clamp recording evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007181	A type of cut-open oocyte voltage clamp recording evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
macropatch voltage clamp recording evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007182	A type of macropatch voltage clamp recording evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
protein expression level evidence based on western blot used in manual assertion	ECO:0007183	A type of protein expression level evidence based on western blot that is used in a manual assertion.	
protein mass spectrometry evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007184	A type of protein mass spectrometry evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cross-streak test evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007185	A type of cross-streak test evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
tethered cell assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007186	A type of tethered cell assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
tumble frequency assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007187	A type of tumble frequency assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
capillary assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007188	A type of capillary assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
inference from experimental data evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007189	A type of inference from experimental data evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
inference from phenotype manipulation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007190	A type of inference from phenotype manipulation evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
inference by association of genotype from phenotype used in manual assertion	ECO:0007191	A type of inference by association of genotype from phenotype that is used in a manual assertion.	
motility assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007192	A type of motility assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
loss-of-function mutant phenotype evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007193	A type of loss-of-function mutant phenotype evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
structural similarity evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007194	A type of structural similarity evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
gain-of-function mutant phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007196	A type of gain-of-function mutant phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	gain-of-function mutant phenotype evidence used in automatic assertion
voucher specimen phenotypic analysis evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007197	A type of voucher specimen phenotypic analysis evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	voucher specimen analysis evidence used in automatic assertion
positional similarity evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007198	A type of positional similarity evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
quantitative trait analysis evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007199	A type of quantitative trait analysis evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
compositional similarity evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007200	A type of compositional similarity evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
developmental similarity evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007201	A type of developmental similarity evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
morphological similarity evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007202	A type of morphological similarity evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
gene expression similarity evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007203	A type of gene expression similarity evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
methylation-specific polymerase chain reaction evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007204	A type of methylation-specific polymerase chain reaction evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
southern hybridization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007205	A type of southern hybridization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
intermethylated site amplification evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007206	A type of intermethylated site amplification evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
epitope-tagged protein immunolocalization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007207	A type of epitope-tagged protein immunolocalization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
co-fractionation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007208	A type of co-fractionation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
green fluorescent protein fusion protein localization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007210	A type of green fluorescent protein fusion protein localization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
yellow fluorescent protein fusion protein localization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007211	A type of yellow fluorescent protein fusion protein localization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
beta-glucuronidase fusion protein localization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007212	A type of beta-glucuronidase fusion protein localization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
beta-galactosidase fusion protein localization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007213	A type of beta-galactosidase fusion protein localization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
thin layer chromatography evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007214	A type of thin layer chromatography evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro recombinant protein transcription reconstitution assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007215	A type of in vitro recombinant protein transcription reconstitution assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein separation followed by direct sequencing evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007216	A type of protein separation followed by direct sequencing evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein separation followed by fragment identification evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007217	A type of protein separation followed by fragment identification evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
heterologous system uptake evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007218	A type of heterologous system uptake evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
two-electrode voltage clamp recording evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007219	A type of two-electrode voltage clamp recording evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
biochemical trait analysis evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007220	A type of biochemical trait analysis evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
mutant physiological response evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007221	A type of mutant physiological response evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
mutant visible phenotype evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007222	A type of mutant visible phenotype evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007223	A type of in vivo assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
animal model system study evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007224	A type of animal model system study evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
clinical study evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007225	A type of clinical study evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007226	A type of in vitro assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
enzyme inhibition evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007227	A type of enzyme inhibition evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
Illumina sequencing evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007229	A type of Illumina sequencing evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
454 pyrosequencing evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007230	A type of 454 pyrosequencing evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
SOLiD sequencing evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007231	A type of SOLiD sequencing evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
chain termination sequencing evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007232	A type of chain termination sequencing evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
chromatin immunoprecipitation-qPCR evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007233	A type of chromatin immunoprecipitation-qPCR evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
4C evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007234	A type of 4C evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	circularized chromosome conformation capture evidence used in automatic assertion
5C evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007235	A type of 5C evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	carbon-copy chromosome conformation capture evidence used in automatic assertion
3C-qPCR evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007237	A type of 3C-qPCR evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	chromosome conformation capture-qPCR evidence used in automatic assertion
Hi-C evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007238	A type of Hi-C evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
3C-seq evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007239	A type of 3C-seq evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	chromosome conformation capture sequencing evidence used in automatic assertion
environmental perturbation phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007240	A type of environmental perturbation phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	environmental perturbation evidence used in automatic assertion
tissue ablation phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007241	A type of tissue ablation phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	tissue ablation evidence used in automatic assertion
tissue grafting phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007242	A type of tissue grafting phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	tissue grafting evidence used in automatic assertion
cytochalasin experiment evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007245	A type of cytochalasin experiment evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
green fluorescent protein immunolocalization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007246	A type of green fluorescent protein immunolocalization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
beta-galactosidase protein immunolocalization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007247	A type of beta-galactosidase protein immunolocalization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cap analysis of gene expression evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007248	A type of cap analysis of gene expression evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
nano-cap analysis of gene expression evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007249	A type of nano-cap analysis of gene expression evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
particle size and count assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007250	A type of particle size and count assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
competitive growth assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007251	A type of competitive growth assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
pulsed-field gel electrophoresis evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007252	A type of pulsed-field gel electrophoresis evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
two-dimensional agarose gel electrophoresis evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007253	A type of two-dimensional agarose gel electrophoresis evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
plasmid maintenance assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007254	A type of plasmid maintenance assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
specific protein inhibition by antibody evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007255	A type of specific protein inhibition by antibody evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
single exon transcript confirmation via alignment evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007256	A type of single exon transcript confirmation via alignment evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
phylogenetic distribution evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007257	A type of phylogenetic distribution evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
differential geneset expression evidence from microarray experiment (GSEA, Fisher-exact) used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007258	A type of differential geneset expression evidence from microarray experiment (GSEA, Fisher-exact) that is used in an automatic assertion.	
differential geneset expression evidence from RNA-seq experiment (GSEA, Fisher-exact) used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007259	A type of differential geneset expression evidence from RNA-seq experiment (GSEA, Fisher-exact) that is used in an automatic assertion.	
biological target-disease association via drug evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007260	A type of biological target-disease association via drug that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cell staining evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007261	A type of cell staining evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
visual sequence inspection evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007262	A type of visual sequence inspection evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
ATP bioluminescence assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007263	A type of ATP bioluminescence assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
missense mutation phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007264	A type of missense mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	missense mutation evidence used in automatic assertion
nonsense mutation phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007265	A type of nonsense mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	nonsense mutation evidence used in automatic assertion
silent mutation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007266	A type of silent mutation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
insertion mutation phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007267	A type of insertion mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	insertion mutation evidence used in automatic assertion
duplication mutation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007268	A type of duplication mutation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
frameshift mutation phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007269	A type of frameshift mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	frameshift mutation evidence used in automatic assertion
repeat expansion mutation phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007270	A type of repeat expansion mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	repeat expansion mutation evidence used in automatic assertion
splice site mutation phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007271	A type of splice site mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	splice site mutation evidence used in automatic assertion
translocation mutation phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007272	A type of translocation mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	translocation mutation evidence used in automatic assertion
in-gel protein kinase assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007273	A type of in-gel protein kinase assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
macroscopic current trace evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007274	A type of macroscopic current trace evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
current density evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007275	A type of current density evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
sustained current evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007276	A type of sustained current evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
use dependence of inactivation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007277	A type of use dependence of inactivation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
current clamp recording evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007278	A type of current clamp recording evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
whole-cell voltage clamp recording evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007279	A type of whole-cell voltage clamp recording evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cell-attached single-channel recording evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007280	A type of cell-attached single-channel recording evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cell-detached inside-out single-channel recording evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007281	A type of cell-detached inside-out single-channel recording evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
reconstituted bilayer single-channel patch recording evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007282	A type of reconstituted bilayer single-channel patch recording evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
electroencephalography recording evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007283	A type of electroencephalography recording evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cell-detached outside-out single-channel recording evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007284	A type of cell-detached outside-out single-channel recording evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cut-open oocyte voltage clamp recording evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007285	A type of cut-open oocyte voltage clamp recording evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
macropatch voltage clamp recording evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007286	A type of macropatch voltage clamp recording evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein expression level evidence based on western blot used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007287	A type of protein expression level evidence based on western blot that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein mass spectrometry evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007288	A type of protein mass spectrometry evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cross-streak test evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007289	A type of cross-streak test evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
tethered cell assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007290	A type of tethered cell assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
tumble frequency assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007291	A type of tumble frequency assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
capillary assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007292	A type of capillary assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
inference from experimental data evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007293	A type of inference from experimental data evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
inference from phenotype manipulation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007294	A type of inference from phenotype manipulation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
inference by association of genotype from phenotype used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007295	A type of inference by association of genotype from phenotype that is used in an automatic assertion.	
motility assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007296	A type of motility assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
experimental evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007297	A type of experimental evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
expression pattern evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007298	A type of expression pattern evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
Affymetrix GeneChip evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007299	A type of Affymetrix GeneChip evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cRNA to DNA expression microarray evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007300	A type of cRNA to DNA expression microarray evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
expression microarray evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007301	A type of expression microarray evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
differential methylation hybridization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007302	A type of differential methylation hybridization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
transcript expression evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007303	A type of transcript expression evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
Nimblegen array evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007304	A type of Nimblegen array evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
array-based sequence capture evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007305	A type of array-based sequence capture evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
western blot evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007306	A type of western blot evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
direct assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007307	A type of direct assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein expression level evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007308	A type of protein expression level evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein expression evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007309	A type of protein expression evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
expression library screen evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007310	A type of expression library screen evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
heterologous protein expression evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007311	A type of heterologous protein expression evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
spatial pattern of protein expression evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007312	A type of spatial pattern of protein expression evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
DNA to cDNA expression microarray evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007313	A type of DNA to cDNA expression microarray evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
differential hybridization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007314	A type of differential hybridization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
RNA protection assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007315	A type of RNA protection assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
nuclease protection assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007316	A type of nuclease protection assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
spatial pattern of transcript expression evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007317	A type of spatial pattern of transcript expression evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
subtractive hybridization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007318	A type of subtractive hybridization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
author statement used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007319	A type of author statement that is used in an automatic assertion.	
author statement without traceable support used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007320	A type of author statement without traceable support that is used in an automatic assertion.	non-traceable author statement used in automatic assertion
author statement supported by traceable reference used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007321	A type of author statement supported by traceable reference that is used in an automatic assertion.	traceable author statement used in automatic assertion
curator inference used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007322	A type of curator inference that is used in an automatic assertion.	
inference from background scientific knowledge used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007323	A type of inference from background scientific knowledge that is used in an automatic assertion.	
no biological data found used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007324	A type of no biological data found that is used in an automatic assertion.	
mutant phenotype evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007325	A type of mutant phenotype evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
genetic interaction evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007326	A type of genetic interaction evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
genomic context evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007327	A type of genomic context evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
biological aspect of ancestor evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007328	A type of biological aspect of ancestor evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
biological aspect of descendant evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007329	A type of biological aspect of descendant evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
phylogenetic determination of loss of key residues evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007330	A type of phylogenetic determination of loss of key residues evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
rapid divergence from ancestral sequence evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007331	A type of rapid divergence from ancestral sequence evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
physical interaction evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007332	A type of physical interaction evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
gene neighbors evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007333	A type of gene neighbors evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
Edman degradation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007334	A type of Edman degradation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
3D cell culture evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007335	A type of 3D cell culture evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
51Cr release assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007336	A type of 51Cr release assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
7-aminoactinomycin staining evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007337	A type of 7-aminoactinomycin staining evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
[3H]-thymidine incorporation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007338	A type of [3H]-thymidine incorporation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
[3H]arachidonic acid release assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007339	A type of [3H]arachidonic acid release assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
adhesion assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007340	A type of adhesion assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
adoptive cell transfer evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007341	A type of adoptive cell transfer evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
alamarBlue assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007342	A type of alamarBlue assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
allograft transplantation phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007343	A type of allograft transplantation phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	allograft transplantation evidence used in automatic assertion
anion-exchange chromatography evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007344	A type of anion-exchange chromatography evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
annexin-V staining evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007345	A type of annexin-V staining evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cognitive assay phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007346	A type of cognitive assay phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	behavioral assay evidence used in automatic assertion
blocking monoclonal antibody evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007347	A type of blocking monoclonal antibody evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
immunological assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007348	A type of immunological assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
blocking peptide evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007349	A type of blocking peptide evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
blocking polyclonal antibody evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007350	A type of blocking polyclonal antibody evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
blood test evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007351	A type of blood test evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
Boyden chamber assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007352	A type of Boyden chamber assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
bromodeoxyuridine incorporation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007353	A type of bromodeoxyuridine incorporation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
nucleotide analog incorporation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007354	A type of nucleotide analog incorporation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
caspase assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007355	A type of caspase assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cell counting evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007356	A type of cell counting evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cell permeability assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007357	A type of cell permeability assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
carboxyfluorescein diacetate succinimidyl ester staining evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007358	A type of carboxyfluorescein diacetate succinimidyl ester staining evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
chemiluminescence-linked immunoassay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007359	A type of chemiluminescence-linked immunoassay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
chimeric protein phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007360	A type of chimeric protein phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	chimeric protein evidence used in automatic assertion
co-electrophoresis evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007361	A type of co-electrophoresis evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
co-localization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007362	A type of co-localization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
imaging assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007363	A type of imaging assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
co-sedimentation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007364	A type of co-sedimentation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
colony counting evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007365	A type of colony counting evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
comet assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007366	A type of comet assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
conditional knockin evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007367	A type of conditional knockin evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
knockin evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007368	A type of knockin evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
conditional knockout evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007369	A type of conditional knockout evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
knockout evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007370	A type of knockout evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
constitutively active mutant evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007371	A type of constitutively active mutant evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cross-linking evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007372	A type of cross-linking evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein binding evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007373	A type of protein binding evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
crystallography evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007374	A type of crystallography evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cytochemistry evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007375	A type of cytochemistry evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
histochemistry evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007376	A type of histochemistry evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cytochrome C release assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007377	A type of cytochrome C release assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
	ECO:0007378	A type of 4',6-diamidino-2-phenylindole staining evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
deletion mutation phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007379	A type of deletion mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	deletion mutation evidence used in automatic assertion
DNA laddering assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007380	A type of DNA laddering assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
RNA dot blot assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007381	A type of RNA dot blot assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
dominant-negative mutant phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007382	A type of dominant-negative mutant phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	dominant-negative mutant evidence used in automatic assertion
eTag assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007383	A type of eTag assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
affinity evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007384	A type of affinity evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
filter binding assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007385	A type of filter binding assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
fluorescence in situ hybridization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007386	A type of fluorescence in situ hybridization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
fluorescence resonance energy transfer evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007387	A type of fluorescence resonance energy transfer evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
gel-filtration evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007388	A type of gel-filtration evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
histology evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007389	A type of histology evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
immunocytochemistry evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007390	A type of immunocytochemistry evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
immunodepletion evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007391	A type of immunodepletion evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
immunohistochemistry evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007392	A type of immunohistochemistry evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro acetylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007393	A type of in vitro acetylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro cleavage assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007394	A type of in vitro cleavage assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro deacetylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007395	A type of in vitro deacetylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro defarnesylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007396	A type of in vitro defarnesylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro demethylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007397	A type of in vitro demethylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro desumoylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007398	A type of in vitro desumoylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro deubiquitination assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007399	A type of in vitro deubiquitination assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro farnesylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007400	A type of in vitro farnesylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro methylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007401	A type of in vitro methylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro palmitoylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007402	A type of in vitro palmitoylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro phosphatase assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007403	A type of in vitro phosphatase assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro polyADP-ribosylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007404	A type of in vitro polyADP-ribosylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro protein kinase assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007405	A type of in vitro protein kinase assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro sumoylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007406	A type of in vitro sumoylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro transcription assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007407	A type of in vitro transcription assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro translation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007408	A type of in vitro translation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro ubiquitination assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007409	A type of in vitro ubiquitination assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo acetylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007410	A type of in vivo acetylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo cleavage assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007411	A type of in vivo cleavage assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo deacetylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007412	A type of in vivo deacetylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo defarnesylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007413	A type of in vivo defarnesylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo demethylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007414	A type of in vivo demethylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo desumoylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007415	A type of in vivo desumoylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo deubiquitination assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007416	A type of in vivo deubiquitination assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo farnesylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007417	A type of in vivo farnesylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo methylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007418	A type of in vivo methylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo palmitoylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007419	A type of in vivo palmitoylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo phosphatase assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007420	A type of in vivo phosphatase assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo protein kinase assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007421	A type of in vivo protein kinase assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo sumoylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007422	A type of in vivo sumoylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo transcription assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007423	A type of in vivo transcription assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo translation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007424	A type of in vivo translation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo ubiquitination assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007425	A type of in vivo ubiquitination assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
induced mutation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007426	A type of induced mutation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
genetic transformation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007427	A type of genetic transformation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
lipid binding assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007428	A type of lipid binding assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
luminescence-based mammalian interactome mapping assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007429	A type of luminescence-based mammalian interactome mapping assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
macroscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007430	A type of macroscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
mammalian 2-hybrid assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007431	A type of mammalian 2-hybrid assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
hybrid interaction evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007432	A type of hybrid interaction evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
mass spectrometry evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007433	A type of mass spectrometry evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
medical imaging evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007434	A type of medical imaging evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007435	A type of microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
motility wound healing assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007436	A type of motility wound healing assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
MTS assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007437	A type of MTS assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
MTT assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007438	A type of MTT assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
multiplex bead-based immunoassay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007439	A type of multiplex bead-based immunoassay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
natural variation mutant evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007440	A type of natural variation mutant evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007441	A type of nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
nuclear fragmentation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007442	A type of nuclear fragmentation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
phage display evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007443	A type of phage display evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
phosphoamino acid analysis evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007444	A type of phosphoamino acid analysis evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
peptide affinity enrichment evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007445	A type of peptide affinity enrichment evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
peptide array evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007446	A type of peptide array evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
physical examination evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007447	A type of physical examination evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
point mutation phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007448	A type of point mutation phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	point mutation evidence used in automatic assertion
propidium iodide staining evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007449	A type of propidium iodide staining evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
fluorescence evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007450	A type of fluorescence evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein dot blot assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007451	A type of protein dot blot assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein microarray evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007452	A type of protein microarray evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein sequencing assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007453	A type of protein sequencing assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
quantitative mass spectrometry evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007454	A type of quantitative mass spectrometry evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
radioisotope assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007455	A type of radioisotope assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
radioimmunoassay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007456	A type of radioimmunoassay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
restriction fragment detection evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007457	A type of restriction fragment detection evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
spectrophotometry evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007458	A type of spectrophotometry evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
syngeneic transplantation experiment evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007459	A type of syngeneic transplantation experiment evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
xenotransplantation phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007460	A type of xenotransplantation phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	xenotransplantation experiment evidence used in automatic assertion
WST-1 assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007461	A type of WST-1 assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
urine test evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007462	A type of urine test evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase dUTP nick end labeling assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007463	A type of terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase dUTP nick end labeling assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
tryptic phosphopeptide mapping assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007464	A type of tryptic phosphopeptide mapping assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
transgenic organism evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007465	A type of transgenic organism evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
tissue microarray evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007466	A type of tissue microarray evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
TACE activity assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007467	A type of TACE activity assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
enzymatic activity assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007468	A type of enzyme assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
surface plasmon resonance evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007469	A type of surface plasmon resonance evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
restriction landmark genomic scanning evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007470	A type of restriction landmark genomic scanning evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
resonant mirror biosensor evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007471	A type of resonant mirror biosensor evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
high-performance liquid chromatography evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007472	A type of high-performance liquid chromatography evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
ectopic expression evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007473	A type of ectopic expression evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
electrophoretic mobility shift assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007474	A type of electrophoretic mobility shift assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007475	A type of reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vivo polyADP-ribosylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007476	A type of in vivo polyADP-ribosylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
DNA dot blot assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007477	A type of DNA dot blot assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
random mutagenesis evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007478	A type of random mutagenesis phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
biological system reconstruction evidence by experimental evidence from single species used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007479	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence by experimental evidence from single species that is used in an automatic assertion.	
biological system reconstruction evidence by experimental evidence from mixed species used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007480	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence by experimental evidence from mixed species that is used in an automatic assertion.	
biological system reconstruction evidence based on orthology evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007481	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence based on orthology evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
biological system reconstruction evidence based on homology evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007482	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence based on homology evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
biological system reconstruction evidence based on paralogy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007483	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence based on paralogy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
biological system reconstruction evidence based on inference from background scientific knowledge used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007484	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence based on inference from background scientific knowledge that is used in an automatic assertion.	
immunogold labelling evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007485	A type of immunogold labelling evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
immunolocalization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007486	A type of immunolocalization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
flow cytometry evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007487	A type of flow cytometry evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
enzyme-linked immunoabsorbent assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007488	A type of enzyme-linked immunoabsorbent assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
high throughput mass spectrometry evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007489	A type of high throughput mass spectrometry evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
confocal microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007490	A type of confocal microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
wide-field microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007491	A type of wide-field microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
immunogold labelling electron microscopy assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007492	A type of immunogold labelling electron microscopy assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
electron microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007493	A type of electron microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
immunoperoxidase immunolocalization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007494	A type of immunoperoxidase immunolocalization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
immunoperoxidase immunolocalization electron microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007495	A type of immunoperoxidase immunolocalization electron microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
immunofluorescence confocal microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007496	A type of immunofluorescence confocal microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
immunofluorescence evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007497	A type of immunofluorescence evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
two-dimensional polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007498	A type of two-dimensional polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
alkaline phosphatase reporter gene assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007499	A type of alkaline phosphatase reporter gene assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
beta-galactosidase reporter gene assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007500	A type of beta-galactosidase reporter gene assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	LacZ transcript localization evidence used in automatic assertion
chloramphenicol acetyltransferase reporter gene assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007501	A type of chloramphenicol acetyltransferase reporter gene assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
chromatin immunoprecipitation-PCR evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007502	A type of chromatin immunoprecipitation-PCR evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
immunoprecipitation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007503	A type of immunoprecipitation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
copper-phenanthroline footprinting evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007504	A type of copper-phenanthroline footprinting evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
nucleic acid binding evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007505	A type of nucleic acid binding evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
DNA affinity chromatography evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007506	A type of DNA affinity chromatography evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
DNAse footprinting evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007507	A type of DNAse footprinting evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
fluorescence anisotropy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007508	A type of fluorescence anisotropy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
ferric uptake regulator titration assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007509	A type of ferric uptake regulator titration assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
systematic evolution of ligands by exponential amplification evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007510	A type of systematic evolution of ligands by exponential amplification evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
glutathione S-transferase pull-down assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007511	A type of glutathione S-transferase pull-down assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
beta-glucuronidase reporter gene assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007512	A type of beta-glucuronidase reporter gene assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
heteronuclear single quantum coherence spectroscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007513	A type of heteronuclear single quantum coherence spectroscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
hydroxyl-radical footprinting evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007514	A type of hydroxyl-radical footprinting evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
isothermal titration calorimetry evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007515	A type of isothermal titration calorimetry evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
luciferase reporter gene assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007516	A type of luciferase reporter gene assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
methidiumpropyl-ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid iron (II) footprinting evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007517	A type of methidiumpropyl-ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid iron (II) footprinting evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
northern blot evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007518	A type of northern blot evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
methylation interference footprinting evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007519	A type of methylation interference footprinting evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	premethylation interference footprinting evidence used in automatic assertion
primer extension assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007520	A type of primer extension assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
quantitative polymerase chain reaction evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007521	A type of quantitative polymerase chain reaction evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
rapid amplification of cDNA ends polymerase chain reaction evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007522	A type of rapid amplification of cDNA ends polymerase chain reaction evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
S1 nuclease protection assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007523	A type of S1 nuclease protection assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
site-directed mutagenesis phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007524	A type of site-directed mutagenesis phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	site-directed mutagenesis evidence used in automatic assertion
survival rate analysis evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007525	A type of survival rate analysis evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
ultraviolet light footprinting evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007526	A type of ultraviolet light footprinting evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
xylE reporter gene assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007527	A type of xylE reporter gene assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
ad-hoc qualitative phenotype observation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007528	A type of ad-hoc qualitative phenotype observation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
ad-hoc quantitative phenotype observation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007529	A type of ad-hoc quantitative phenotype observation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cell transfection experiment evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007530	A type of cell transfection experiment evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
yeast 2-hybrid evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007531	A type of yeast 2-hybrid evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
Cya fusion reporter assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007532	A type of Cya fusion reporter assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
super-resolution microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007533	A type of super-resolution microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
fractionation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007534	A type of fractionation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
electrophysiology assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007535	A type of electrophysiology assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
mRNA interactome capture evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007536	A type of mRNA interactome capture evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
patch-clamp recording evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007537	A type of patch-clamp recording evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
whole-cell patch-clamp recording evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007538	A type of whole-cell patch-clamp recording evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
author statement from published clinical study used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007539	A type of author statement from published clinical study that is used in an automatic assertion.	traceable author statement from published clinical study used in automatic assertion
inference based on individual clinical experience used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007540	A type of inference based on individual clinical experience that is used in an automatic assertion.	
biofilm formation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007541	A type of biofilm formation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
microtiter plate biofilm assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007542	A type of microtiter plate biofilm assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
air-liquid interface assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007543	A type of air-liquid interface assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
colony biofilm assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007544	A type of colony biofilm assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
Kadouri drip-fed biofilm assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007545	A type of Kadouri drip-fed biofilm assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
co-immunoprecipitation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007546	A type of co-immunoprecipitation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
optogenetic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007547	A type of optogenetic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
fluorescent sensor evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007548	A type of fluorescent sensor evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
genetically encoded fluorescent sensor evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007549	A type of genetically encoded fluorescent sensor evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
genetically encoded fluorescent electrophysiology assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007550	A type of genetically encoded fluorescent electrophysiology assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
genetically encoded fluorescent ion concentration sensor assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007551	A type of genetically encoded fluorescent ion concentration sensor assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cell fractionation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007552	A type of cell fractionation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
extracellular recording evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007553	A type of extracellular recording evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
single-unit extracellular recording evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007554	A type of single-unit extracellular recording evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
field potential recording evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007555	A type of field potential recording evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
anti-sense experiment evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007556	A type of anti-sense experiment evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
morpholino experiment evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007557	A type of morpholino experiment evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
RNAi evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007558	A type of RNAi evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
pharmacological assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007559	A type of pharmacological assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
immunofluorescence wide-field microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007560	A type of immunofluorescence wide-field microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
wide-field fluorescence microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007561	A type of wide-field fluorescence microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
over expression analysis evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007562	A type of over expression analysis evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cell-free assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007563	A type of cell-free assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
fluorescence recovery after photobleaching evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007564	A type of fluorescence recovery after photobleaching evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
immuno-labelling electron microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007565	A type of immuno-labelling electron microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
immunofluorescence super resolution microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007566	A type of immunofluorescence super resolution microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
co-purification evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007567	A type of co-purification evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
yeast one-hybrid evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007568	A type of yeast one-hybrid evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
split-ubiquitin assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007569	A type of split-ubiquitin assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
far-Western blotting evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007570	A type of far-Western blotting evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
affinity chromatography evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007571	A type of affinity chromatography evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
ribohomopolymer binding assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007572	A type of ribohomopolymer binding assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein:ion binding evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007573	A type of protein:ion binding evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
Southwestern blot evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007574	A type of Southwestern blot evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
Northwestern blot evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007575	A type of Northwestern blot evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
bacterial one-hybrid evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007576	A type of bacterial one-hybrid evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein-binding microarray evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007577	A type of protein-binding microarray evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
functional complementation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007578	A type of functional complementation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
transgenic rescue experiment evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007579	A type of transgenic rescue experiment evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
transient rescue experiment evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007580	A type of transient rescue experiment evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
suppressor/enhancer interaction phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007581	A type of suppressor/enhancer interaction phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	suppressor/enhancer interaction evidence used in automatic assertion
double mutant phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007582	A type of double mutant phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	double mutant phenotype evidence used in automatic assertion
epistatic interaction phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007583	A type of epistatic interaction phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	epistatic interaction evidence used in automatic assertion
functional complementation in heterologous system evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007584	A type of functional complementation in heterologous system evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
temperature-sensitive mutant phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007585	A type of temperature-sensitive mutant phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	temperature-sensitive mutant phenotype evidence used in automatic assertion
recessive mutant phenotype evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007586	A type of recessive mutant phenotype evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
high throughput mutant phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007587	A type of high throughput mutant phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	high throughput mutant phenotype evidence used in automatic assertion
high throughput genetic interaction phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007588	A type of high throughput genetic interaction phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	high throughput genetic interaction evidence used in automatic assertion
high throughput direct assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007589	A type of high throughput direct assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
high throughput expression pattern evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007590	A type of high throughput expression pattern evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
radioligand binding assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007591	A type of radioligand binding assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
combinatorial experimental and author inference evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007592	A type of combinatorial evidence from author knowledge and experimental evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	combinatorial evidence from author knowledge and experimental evidence used in automatic assertion
combinatorial experimental and curator inference evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007593	A type of combinatorial evidence from curator knowledge and experimental evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	combinatorial evidence from curator knowledge and experimental evidence used in automatic assertion
voltammetry evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007594	A type of voltammetry evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
photoconversion evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007595	A type of photoconversion evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
agglutination test evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007596	A type of agglutination test evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
slide agglutination test evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007597	A type of slide agglutination test evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
direct Coombs test evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007598	A type of direct Coombs test evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
indirect Coombs test evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007599	A type of indirect Coombs test evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
direct hemagglutination assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007600	A type of direct hemagglutination assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
viral hemagglutination inhibition assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007601	A type of viral hemagglutination inhibition assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
compement fixation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007602	A type of compement fixation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
neutralization test assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007603	A type of neutralization test assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
copper transport assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007604	A type of copper transport assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
5-cyano-2,3-ditolyl tetrazolium chloride staining evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007605	A type of 5-cyano-2,3-ditolyl tetrazolium chloride staining evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
plaque assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007606	A type of plaque assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
epifluorescence microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007607	A type of epifluorescence microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
transmission electron microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007608	A type of transmission electron microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
scanning electron microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007609	A type of scanning electron microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
time-lapsed microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007610	A type of time-lapsed microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
phase contrast microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007611	A type of phase contrast microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
transmitted light brightfied mircoscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007612	A type of transmitted light brightfied mircoscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
koehler illumination microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007613	A type of koehler illumination microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
differential interference contrast microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007614	A type of differential interference contrast microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
extended field laser confocal microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007615	A type of extended field laser confocal microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
confocal laser scanning microscopy evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007616	A type of confocal laser scanning microscopy evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
light scattering assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007617	A type of light scattering assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
dynamic light scattering assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007618	A type of dynamic light scattering assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
static light scattering assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007619	A type of static light scattering assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
colony papillation assay phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007620	A type of colony papillation assay phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	colony papillation assay evidence used in automatic assertion
crystal violet staining evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007621	A type of crystal violet staining evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
flow cell biofilm assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007622	A type of flow cell biofilm assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
bacterial 2-hybrid assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007623	A type of bacterial 2-hybrid assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
phenomic profiling assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007624	A type of phenomic profiling assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
colony morphology phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007625	A type of colony morphology phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	colony morphology evidence used in automatic assertion
colony color phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007626	A type of colony color phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	colony color evidence used in automatic assertion
colony size phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007627	A type of colony size phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	colony size evidence used in automatic assertion
zone of inhibition evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007628	A type of zone of inhibition evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
Etest evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007629	A type of Etest evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
ribosome profiling evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007630	A type of ribosome profiling evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
computational inference used in manual assertion	ECO:0007631	A type of evidence based on computational logical inference that is used in a manual assertion.	evidence based on computational logical inference used in manual assertion
transcriptional activation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007632	A type of transcriptional activation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
transcriptional activation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007633	A type of transcriptional activation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
experimental phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007634	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
experimental phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007635	A type of experimental phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
curator inference from database	ECO:0007636	A type of curator inference from authoritative resource based on information located in a queryable database and is optimized for computers.	
curator inference from encyclopedia	ECO:0007637	A type of curator inference from published work where the reference is to an entry in a compendium that provides summarized information on a subject.	
curator inference from Wikipedia	ECO:0007638	A type of curator inference from encyclopedia where the reference is to a Wikipedia article.	
curator inference from Britannica	ECO:0007639	A type of curator inference from encyclopedia where the reference is to an Encyclopedia Britannica article.	
curator inference from MedlinePlus encyclopedia	ECO:0007640	A type of curator inference from encyclopedia in which the reference is to an article in the National Library of Medicine's MedLinePlus encyclopedia.	
curator inference from dictionary	ECO:0007641	A type of curator inference from published work in which the entry comes from a collection of words with definitions, usages, pronounciations, and more.	
curator inference from Oxford Dictionary	ECO:0007642	A type of curator inference from dictionary in which the reference is to an entry in the Oxford Dictionaries.	
curator inference from Merriam-Webster Dictionary	ECO:0007643	A type of curator inference from dictionary in which the reference is to an entry in the Merriam-Webster Dictionary.	
curator inference from MedlinePlus dictionary	ECO:0007644	A type of curator inference from dictionary in which the reference is to an entry in the National Library of Medicine's MedLinePlus dictionary.	
curator inference from journal publication	ECO:0007645	A type of curator inference from published work reporting on research findings.	
curator inference from book	ECO:0007646	A type of curator inference from published work based on a book, which may be a reference to a URL (for ebooks) or a DOI.	
curator inference from authoritative source	ECO:0007647	A type of curator inference that is from what is generally considered an authoritative source on the topic, including model organism databases, newspaper articles, books, journal publications, etc.	
manually integrated combinatorial computational evidence	ECO:0007648	A type of manually integrated combinatorial evidence in which two or more distinct types of computational evidence are integrated manually.	
manually integrated combinatorial computational evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007649	A type of manually integrated combinatorial computational evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
manually integrated combinatorial computational evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007650	A type of manually integrated combinatorial computational evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
automatically integrated combinatorial computational evidence	ECO:0007651	A type of automatically integrated combinatorial evidence in which two or more distinct types of computational evidence are integrated automatically.	
automatically integrated combinatorial computational evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007652	A type of automatically integrated combinatorial computational evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
automatically integrated combinatorial computational evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007653	A type of automatically integrated combinatorial computational evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
combinatorial experimental evidence	ECO:0007654	A type of combinatorial evidence in which two or more distinct types of experimental evidence are integrated.	
manually integrated combinatorial experimental evidence	ECO:0007655	A type of manually integrated combinatorial evidence in which two or more distinct types of experimental evidence are integrated manually.	
manually integrated combinatorial experimental evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007656	A type of manually integrated combinatorial experimental evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
manually integrated combinatorial experimental evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007657	A type of manually integrated combinatorial experimental evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
automatically integrated combinatorial experimental evidence	ECO:0007658	A type of automatically integrated combinatorial evidence in which two or more distinct types of experimental evidence are integrated automatically.	
automatically integrated combinatorial experimental evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007659	A type of automatically integrated combinatorial experimental evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
automatically integrated combinatorial experimental evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007660	A type of automatically integrated combinatorial experimental evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
combinatorial computational and experimental evidence	ECO:0007661	A type of combinatorial evidence in which at least one line of experimental evidence and at least one line of computational evidence have been integrated.	
manually integrated combinatorial computational and experimental evidence	ECO:0007662	A type of manually integrated combinatorial evidence in which at least one line of experimental evidence and at least one line of computational evidence have been integrated manually.	
manually integrated combinatorial computational and experimental evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007663	A type of manually integrated combinatorial computational and experimental evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
manually integrated combinatorial computational and experimental evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007664	A type of manually integrated combinatorial computational and experimental evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
automatically integrated combinatorial computational and experimental evidence	ECO:0007665	A type of automatically integrated combinatorial evidence in which at least one line of experimental evidence and at least one line of computational evidence have been integrated automatically.	
automatically integrated combinatorial computational and experimental evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007666	A type of automatically integrated combinatorial computational and experimental evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
automatically integrated combinatorial computational and experimental evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007667	A type of automatically integrated combinatorial computational and experimental evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
computational evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007668	A type of computational evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
computational evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007669	A type of computational evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
computational evidence	ECO:0007672	A type of evidence in which data are produced, and/or generated, and/or analyzed on a computer.	in silico evidence
automatically integrated combinatorial evidence	ECO:0007673	A type of combinatorial evidence in which at least two distinct types of evidence have been integrated automatically.	
manually integrated combinatorial evidence	ECO:0007674	A type of combinatorial evidence in which at least two distinct types of evidence have been integrated manually.	
manually integrated combinatorial evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007675	A type of manually integrated combinatorial evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
manually integrated combinatorial evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007676	A type of manually integrated combinatorial evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
combinatorial computational evidence	ECO:0007677	A type of combinatorial evidence in which at least two distinct types of computational evidence have been integrated.	
combinatorial computational evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007678	A type of combinatorial computational evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
combinatorial computational evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007679	A type of combinatorial computational evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
chromatography evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007680	A type of chromatography evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
chromatography evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007681	A type of chromatography evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
reporter gene assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007682	A type of reporter gene assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
protein separation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007684	A type of protein separation evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
substance quantification evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007685	A type of substance quantification evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
voltage clamp recording evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007686	A type of voltage clamp recording evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
protein kinase assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007687	A type of protein kinase assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
gel electrophoresis evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007688	A type of gel electrophoresis evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
sodium dodecyl sulfate polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007689	A type of sodium dodecyl sulfate polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
ex vivo assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007690	A type of ex vivo assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cleavage assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007691	A type of cleavage assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
deacetylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007692	A type of deacetylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
transcription assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007693	A type of transcription assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
phosphatase assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007694	A type of phosphatase assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cell-based assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007695	A type of cell-based assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cell proliferation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007696	A type of cell proliferation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
DNA synthesis cell proliferation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007697	A type of DNA synthesis cell proliferation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
apoptotic assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007698	A type of apoptotic assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cell growth assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007699	A type of cell growth assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
disk diffusion test evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007700	A type of disk diffusion test evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
chemotaxis assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007701	A type of chemotaxis assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cytotoxicity assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007702	A type of cytotoxicity assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cell viability assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007703	A type of cell viability assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
methylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007704	A type of methylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
protein assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007705	A type of protein assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
chromatin immunoprecipitation evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007706	A type of chromatin immunoprecipitation evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
protein inhibition evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007707	A type of protein inhibition evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
sumoylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007708	A type of sumoylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
transport assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007709	A type of transport assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
defarnesylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007710	A type of defarnesylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
deubiquitination assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007711	A type of deubiquitination assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
palmitoylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007712	A type of palmitoylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
acetylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007713	A type of acetylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
demethylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007714	A type of demethylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
polyADP-ribosylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007715	A type of polyADP-ribosylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
staining evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007716	A type of staining evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
translation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007717	A type of translation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
ubiquitination assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007718	A type of ubiquitination assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
immunodetection assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007719	A type of immunodetection assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
desumoylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007720	A type of desumoylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
farnesylation assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007721	A type of farnesylation assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
reconstitution assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007722	A type of reconstitution assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
in vitro transcription reconstitution assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007723	A type of in vitro transcription reconstitution assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
localization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007724	A type of localization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
protein localization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007725	A type of protein localization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
fusion protein localization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007726	A type of fusion protein localization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
nucleic acid localization evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007727	A type of nucleic acid localization evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
anatomical perturbation phenotypic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007728	A type of anatomical perturbation phenotypic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
cleavage arrested development evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007730	A type of cleavage arrested development evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
spectrometry evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007731	A type of spectrometry evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
sequencing assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007732	A type of sequencing assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
nucleotide sequencing assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007733	A type of nucleotide sequencing assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
high throughput nucleotide sequencing assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007734	A type of high throughput nucleotide sequencing assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
structure determination evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007735	A type of structure determination evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
molecule detection assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007736	A type of molecule detection assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
DNA detection assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007737	A type of DNA detection assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
protein detection assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007738	A type of protein detection assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
RNA detection assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007739	A type of RNA detection assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
small molecule detection assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007740	A type of small molecule detection assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
chromosome conformation-based evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007741	A type of chromosome conformation-based evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
3C evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007742	A type of 3C evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
combinatorial computational and experimental evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007744	A type of combinatorial computational and experimental evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
combinatorial experimental evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007745	A type of combinatorial experimental evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
biological system reconstruction evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007746	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
biological system reconstruction evidence by experimental evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007747	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence by experimental evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
phenotypic similarity evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007748	A type of phenotypic similarity evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
transcript splice pattern evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007749	A type of transcript splice pattern evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
phylogenetic evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007750	A type of phylogenetic evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
inferential evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007751	A type of inferential evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
curator inference from authoritative source used in manual assertion	ECO:0007752	A type of curator inference from authoritative source that is used in a manual assertion.	
curator inference from encyclopedia used in manual assertion	ECO:0007753	A type of curator inference from encyclopedia that is used in a manual assertion.	
curator inference from Wikipedia used in manual assertion	ECO:0007754	A type of curator inference from Wikipedia that is used in a manual assertion.	
curator inference from MedlinePlus encyclopedia used in manual assertion	ECO:0007755	A type of curator inference from MedlinePlus encyclopedia that is used in a manual assertion.	
curator inference from Britannica used in manual assertion	ECO:0007756	A type of curator inference from Britannica that is used in a manual assertion.	
curator inference from book used in manual assertion	ECO:0007757	A type of curator inference from book that is used in a manual assertion.	
curator inference from journal publication used in manual assertion	ECO:0007758	A type of curator inference from journal publication that is used in a manual assertion.	
curator inference from database used in manual assertion	ECO:0007759	A type of curator inference from database that is used in a manual assertion.	
curator inference from dictionary used in manual assertion	ECO:0007760	A type of curator inference from dictionary that is used in a manual assertion.	
curator inference from MedlinePlus dictionary used in manual assertion	ECO:0007761	A type of curator inference from MedlinePlus dictionary that is used in a manual assertion.	
curator inference from Oxford Dictionary used in manual assertion	ECO:0007762	A type of curator inference from Oxford Dictionary that is used in a manual assertion.	
curator inference from Merriam-Webster Dictionary used in manual assertion	ECO:0007763	A type of curator inference from Merriam-Webster Dictionary that is used in a manual assertion.	
reporter gene assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007765	A type of reporter gene assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
voltage clamp recording evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007766	A type of voltage clamp recording evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein kinase assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007767	A type of protein kinase assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
transcription assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007768	A type of transcription assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
gel electrophoresis evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007769	A type of gel electrophoresis evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
sodium dodecyl sulfate polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007770	A type of sodium dodecyl sulfate polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
deacetylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007771	A type of deacetylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
phosphatase assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007772	A type of phosphatase assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cell-based assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007773	A type of cell-based assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cell viability assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007774	A type of cell viability assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cell proliferation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007775	A type of cell proliferation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
DNA synthesis cell proliferation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007776	A type of DNA synthesis cell proliferation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
apoptotic assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007777	A type of apoptotic assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cell growth assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007778	A type of cell growth assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
disk diffusion test evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007779	A type of disk diffusion test evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
chemotaxis assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007780	A type of chemotaxis assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cytotoxicity assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007781	A type of cytotoxicity assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cleavage assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007782	A type of cleavage assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
methylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007783	A type of methylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007784	A type of protein assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein inhibition evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007785	A type of protein inhibition evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
chromatin immunoprecipitation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007786	A type of chromatin immunoprecipitation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein separation evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007787	A type of protein separation evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
sumoylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007788	A type of sumoylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
transport assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007789	A type of transport assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
defarnesylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007790	A type of defarnesylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
deubiquitination assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007791	A type of deubiquitination assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
palmitoylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007792	A type of palmitoylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
ex vivo assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007793	A type of ex vivo assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
acetylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007794	A type of acetylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
demethylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007795	A type of demethylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
immunodetection assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007796	A type of immunodetection assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
polyADP-ribosylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007797	A type of polyADP-ribosylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
staining evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007798	A type of staining evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
translation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007799	A type of translation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
farnesylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007800	A type of farnesylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
ubiquitination assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007801	A type of ubiquitination assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
desumoylation assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007802	A type of desumoylation assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
reconstitution assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007803	A type of reconstitution assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
in vitro transcription reconstitution assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007804	A type of in vitro transcription reconstitution assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
substance quantification evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007805	A type of substance quantification evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
localization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007806	A type of localization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein localization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007807	A type of protein localization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
fusion protein localization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007808	A type of fusion protein localization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
nucleic acid localization evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007809	A type of nucleic acid localization evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
anatomical perturbation phenotypic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007810	A type of anatomical perturbation phenotypic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
cleavage arrested development evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007811	A type of cleavage arrested development evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
sequencing assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007812	A type of sequencing assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
nucleotide sequencing assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007813	A type of nucleotide sequencing assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
high throughput nucleotide sequencing assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007814	A type of high throughput nucleotide sequencing assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
structure determination evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007815	A type of structure determination evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
molecule detection assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007816	A type of molecule detection assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
DNA detection assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007817	A type of DNA detection assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
RNA detection assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007818	A type of RNA detection assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
protein detection assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007819	A type of protein detection assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
small molecule detection assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007820	A type of small molecule detection assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
spectrometry evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007821	A type of spectrometry evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
chromosome conformation-based evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007822	A type of chromosome conformation-based evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
3C evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007823	A type of 3C evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
phenotypic similarity evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007824	A type of phenotypic similarity evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
transcript splice pattern evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007825	A type of transcript splice pattern evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
phylogenetic evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007826	A type of phylogenetic evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
biological system reconstruction evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007827	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
biological system reconstruction evidence by experimental evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007828	A type of biological system reconstruction evidence by experimental evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
combinatorial computational and experimental evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007829	A type of combinatorial computational and experimental evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
combinatorial experimental evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007830	A type of combinatorial experimental evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
inferential evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007832	A type of inferential evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
curator inference from authoritative source used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007833	A type of curator inference from authoritative source that is used in an automatic assertion.	
curator inference from encyclopedia used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007834	A type of curator inference from encyclopedia that is used in an automatic assertion.	
curator inference from Wikipedia used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007835	A type of curator inference from Wikipedia that is used in an automatic assertion.	
curator inference from Britannica used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007836	A type of curator inference from Britannica that is used in an automatic assertion.	
curator inference from MedlinePlus encyclopedia used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007837	A type of curator inference from MedlinePlus encyclopedia that is used in an automatic assertion.	
curator inference from book used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007838	A type of curator inference from book that is used in an automatic assertion.	
curator inference from dictionary used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007839	A type of curator inference from dictionary that is used in an automatic assertion.	
curator inference from MedlinePlus dictionary used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007840	A type of curator inference from MedlinePlus dictionary that is used in an automatic assertion.	
curator inference from Merriam-Webster Dictionary used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007841	A type of curator inference from Merriam-Webster Dictionary that is used in an automatic assertion.	
curator inference from Oxford Dictionary used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007842	A type of curator inference from Oxford Dictionary that is used in an automatic assertion.	
curator inference from journal publication used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007843	A type of curator inference from journal publication that is used in an automatic assertion.	
radioisotope quantification assay evidence	ECO:0007844	A type of radioisotope assay evidence in which radioisotopic labeling is used to quantify a substance after a biochemical process or extraction from a biological sample.	
radioisotope quantification assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007845	A type of radioisotope quantification assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
radioisotope quantification assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007846	A type of radioisotope quantification assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
fluorescence quantification assay evidence	ECO:0007847	A type of fluorescence evidence in which fluorescent labeling is used to quantify a substance after a biochemical process or extraction from a biological sample.	
fluorescence quantification assay evidence used in automatic assertion	ECO:0007848	A type of fluorescence quantification assay evidence that is used in an automatic assertion.	
fluorescence quantification assay evidence used in manual assertion	ECO:0007849	A type of fluorescence quantification assay evidence that is used in a manual assertion.	
inference of sequence features from visual inspection	ECO:0007850	A type of inferential evidence in which sequence features are inferred based on visual inspection of the sequence.	
